Unsolved Mysteries In The World Unsolved Mysteries In The World HOME Guest Post Privacy Policy skip to main | skip to sidebar Copy Protected by Computer tech tips Hanno the Navigator Written By Tripzibit on Apr 17, 2012 | 05:29 Hanno the Navigator was a citizen of Carthage (an ancient city-state in northern Africa near modern Tunis, founded in 814–813 B.C.). The dates of his birth and death are obscure, but he is known to have flourished about 500 B.C. Around that time Hanno, with some sixty galleys filled with settlers, voyaged down the west coast of Africa to explore and set up a colony. Hanno sailed out beyond the Pillars of Hercules and established many African colonies along the western coast. However what Hanno did there, and whether or not steps were taken to establish a colony, appears to be lost to history, how and when Africa swallowed these settlers is hidden by the mists of time. Some two thousand years before the epic voyage of Bartolomeu Dias, who rounded the southern extremity of the African continent in 1488, Hanno the Navigator sailed out of the Mediterranean and beyond the Pillars of Hercules—an astonishing and extraordinary act of faith and courage at a time when nothing was known about the world beyond the immediate horizon except that it was flat and that it was therefore exceedingly dangerous to venture to the edge. It was also known that the seas were inhabited throughout by the most terrifying monsters. Exploration Map of Hanno  The expedition, if it kept the coast in sight, would have passed with the Canary Islands off to starboard, though not necessarily in sight, the nearest of these islands being some 70 miles offshore. He seems to have reached at least as far as present-day Sierra Leone, a voyage of almost 3,000 miles from the entrance to the Mediterranean. Hanno wrote an account of this voyage, inscribed on a clay tablet in the Phoenician language; he reported seeing crocodiles, hippopotamuses, and men dressed in animal skins. The tablet was hung in the temple of Bel (Ba’al Hammon) at Carthage on his return. Oskar Seyffert states that a Greek translation of this account, known as Hannonis Periplus, still survives, one of the oldest examples of geographical science available to us. The full title translated from Greek is The Voyage of Hanno, commander of the Carthaginians, round the parts of Libya beyond the Pillars of Heracles, which he deposited in the Temple of Kronos. This was known to Pliny the Elder and Arrian, who mentions it at the end of his Anabasis of Alexander VIII (Indica): "Moreover, Hanno the Libyan started out from Carthage and passed the Pillars of Heracles and sailed into the outer Ocean, with Libya on his port side, and he sailed on towards the east, five-and-thirty days all told. But when at last he turned southward, he fell in with every sort of difficulty, want of water, blazing heat, and fiery streams running into the sea." This report was the object of criticism by some ancient writers, including the Pliny the Elder, and in modern times a whole literature of scholarship has grown up around it. The account is incoherent and at times certainly incorrect, and attempts to identify the various places mentioned on the basis of the sailing directions and distances almost all fail. Some scholars resort to textual emendations, justified in some cases; but it is probable that what we have before us is a report deliberately edited so that the places could not be identified by the competitors of Carthage. From everything we know about Carthaginian practice, the resolute determination to keep all knowledge of and access to the western markets from the Greeks, it is incredible that they would have allowed the publication of an accurate description of the voyage for all to read. What we have is an official version of the real report made by Hanno which conceals or falsifies vital information while at the same time gratifying the pride of the Carthaginians in their achievements. The very purpose of the voyage, the consolidation of the route to the gold market, is not even mentioned. Sources: Seafaring Lore & Legend by Peter D. Jeans; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanno_the_Navigator Pic Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Hannon_map-fr.svg Read More 05:29 | 0 komentar Diposting oleh Tripzibit di 05:29 0 komentar Label: Bartolomeu Dias, Carthage, Enigmatic Entities, Hanno the Navigator, Pillars of Hercules, Pliny Kenneth Arnold's UFO Sighting Written By Tripzibit on Apr 10, 2012 | 07:09 The modern UFO era began on June 24, 1947, when Kenneth Arnold sighted nine objects in the sky near Mount Rainier,Washington. Arnold was a 32-year-old businessman and pilot who at the time was searching for a downed transport plane. He initially thought the objects were jets but was unable to discern any tails at the ends of what he at the time thought were airplane fuselages. Looking more closely, he noted that all but one of the objects looked like flat disks. The story of Arnold’s sighting was reported in newspaper articles almost immediately and then the term “flying saucers” was first coined by headline writers for this story. On Tuesday, June 24, 1947, Arnold told the East Oregonian reporters that he had observed, during a trip in his own plane between Chehalis and Yakima, a chain of nine peculiar-looking aircraft in the region around Mt. Rainier, each one about the size of a C-54. “They flew close to the mountaintops, in a diagonal chainlike line,” he said later. “It was as if they were linked together.” The disks appeared to be twenty to twenty-five miles away and moving at fantastic speed. Arnold’s estimate was twelve hundred miles an hour. “I watched them about three minutes,” he said. They were swerving in and out around the high mountain peaks. They like a pie pan, and so shiny they reflected the sun like a mirror. I never saw anything so flat.” Their fronts were circular, and their backs were triangular in the rear—but one of them looked crescent- shaped. They were traveling at least twice the speed of sound, Arnold guessed. In the last days of June 1947, breaking the sound barrier was still a dream and the subject of much speculation and discussion among pilots. Arnold’s first thought was that they were some kind of new secret jets or guided missiles. But there was also another possibility that came to his mind after a moment: Soviet aircraft, as 1947 was a threshold year in the developing Cold War. At Yakima, he told his story to pilots who remarked that the craft were bound to have been guided missiles from Moses Lake, Washington. Arnold recalled that “I felt satisfied that that’s probably what they were. However, I had never heard of a missile base at Moses Lake.” When he landed at Pendleton, Arnold learned that his story had arrived ahead of him. The Yakima pilots had telephoned Pendleton to notify them of Arnold’s arrival and had related his adventure. (Contrary to what has often been written in UFO books, there were no reporters among these people). After discussing this with them and reaching the conclusion that these missiles were something out of the ordinary, Arnold—“armed” with his maps and calculations so as to give “the best description I could”—repaired to the local FBI office. He found the office shut. Not having any luck with the FBI, Arnold decided to look up the journalists from the East Oregonian. One consideration in particular seems to have pushed him. As he explained to them, he had met, probably at the Hotel Pendleton where he was staying, a man from Ukiah, Oregon, who had said that he had seen a similar formation of craft there. Before leaving Pendleton, then, he went to the offices of the East Oregonian. He told Nolan Skiff and Bill Bequette about his adventure. Arnold described them as moving “like a saucer if you skipped it across the water.” Skiff, skeptical to begin with, was rapidly convinced of Arnold’s honesty. So was Bequette. The latter sent off, as he always did with local news, an Associated Press dispatch. As soon as Arnold’s story became known, sightings of flying disks proliferated. Starting from June 26 and over the days following, there were hundreds, perhaps even thousands, of newspaper articles devoted to flying disks. Most of the time saucers were explained away by scientists and military experts who asserted that “the observers just imagined they saw something, or there is some meteorological explanation for the phenomenon.” Statements quoted in these stories are filled with expressions like “mass hypnosis” and “foolish things.”Saucers were compared to the Loch Ness Monster. The saucer craze created such a turmoil that the U.S. Army Air Force began an investigation in the early days of July. At the request of the Air Materiel Command, Arnold produced a written report detailing his sighting that he sent to Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio. A few days later, Arnold received a visit from two members of the military, Lieutenant Frank M. Brown and Captain William Davidson, who came from Hamilton Field in California. Brown and Davidson’s aim was to bring back an account from—as well as an opinion about—Arnold. To this end, the enquirers, upon returning to their base, composed a report on what they had gathered. This report consists primarily of the details of the sightings and their impressions of the personalities of the witnesses. In 1948 Arnold’s report landed on J. A. Hynek’s desk. Hynek was an astronomer the Air Force had asked to study the reports so as to avoid any possible confusion with astronomical phenomena. Hynek’s conclusion was that Arnold had seen some kind of aircraft. But Arnold heard nothing back about the eventual whereabouts of his report. He had to try other strategies to find a solution to his sighting. He accepted an invitation from a Chicago editor named Ray Palmer to go to Tacoma, Washington, and investigated another sighting. Ray Palmer was the editor of a pulp magazine called Amazing Stories. The case Arnold investigated turned out to be a crude hoax, at least from the point of view of the FBI investigators. Arnold called in the two military investigators who had interviewed him earlier (they asked him to contact them if he heard anything interesting). Afterward, Brown and Davidson died in an airplane crash. From then on, the saucer story followed different paths. In January 1948 the newly formed U.S. Air Force launched Project Sign to investigate the sightings. This project, located in the Technical Intelligence Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, was classified as secret, and the public had access only to the press reports. The Kenneth Arnold affair is a challenge for social history and sociology. Unfortunately, it has been only randomly studied by historians. Most historiographical works on UFOs, even if they are more sophisticated, have been conducted by amateurs who are not connected with the academic world. Sources: The Flying Saucers Are Real by Donald Keyhoe; UFOs and Popular Culture: “An Encyclopedia of Contemporary Myth” by James R. Lewis Pic Source: UFOs and Popular Culture: “An Encyclopedia of Contemporary Myth” by James R. Lewis page 21 Read More 07:09 | 1 komentar Diposting oleh Tripzibit di 07:09 1 komentar Label: FBI, Flying Saucer, J. Allen Hynek, Kenneth Arnold, Loch Ness, Outer Space Connection, UFO Malden Island Written By Tripzibit on Apr 3, 2012 | 06:18 On the barren Pacific islet of Malden lie the remains of a mysterious megalithic culture, the island completely uninhabited by native islanders since first discovered by European explorers in the early 1800s. From several temple complexes near the center of the island radiates an ancient highway system that spans across the island like a giant spider web. An ancient high­way system composed of large basalt slabs fitted tightly together runs across the island, crosses the beach and disappears under the waves of the Pacific. The ancient highways on Malden Island, better described as “paved ways,” are very similar to the Ara Metua, a paved road on Rarotonga Island, 1,000 miles (1,610 km) to the south of Malden. The Ara Metua road on Rarotonga is essentially an island circuit road that goes around the island. Rarotonga, like Malden Island and many others in the Pacific, has a number of pyramid-platforms connected by the megalithic roads. Aerial View of Malden Island Malden was discovered on 30 July 1825 by Captain The 7th Lord Byron. He commanding the British warship HMS Blonde, was returning to London from a special mission to Honolulu. However the island was named for Lt. Charles Robert Malden, navigator of the Blonde, who sighted the island and briefly explored it, its former use as the site of the first British H-bomb tests (Operation Grapple, 1957), and its current importance as a protected area for breeding seabirds. At the time of its discovery, Malden was found to be unoccupied, but the remains of ruined temples and other structures indicated that the island had at one time been inhabited. Several step-pyramids, platforms, megaliths, and strange stacks of stones are scattered across Malden Island. Stepped and truncated pyramids measure in the range of 30 feet (9 m) in height, 20 to 60 feet (6-18 m) in width, and 90 to 200 feet (27-60 m) in length. The pyramids are approached by paved ways from the sea and are capped with dolmens or “compass stones.” These 40 stone temples on Malden Island are described as similar in design to the buildings of Nan Madol on Pohnpei, some 3,400 miles (5,475 km) away. What was the purpose of all these platforms? Were they part of an ancient sun-worshipping cult, altars for Polynesian chiefs, or a “crossroad” meeting place for a seafaring nation? And what of the paved ways leading into the sea? Evidence for the lost Pacific continent of Mu, or Lemuria? In 1924, the Malden ruins were examined by an archaeologist from the Bishop Museum in Honolulu, Kenneth Emory, who concluded that they were the creation of a small Polynesian population which had resided there for perhaps several generations some centuries earlier. Speculation also suggests that Malden Island is positioned on a spe­cial power point upon the Earth Grid, acknowledged and venerated by the ancients. Malden island may have been an important stopover place on trans-Pacific voyages, but the reality is that no one really knows. One thing is for certain; some mysterious group put a large amount of effort into building megalithic monuments on an island that could hardly support even a small population. Sources: Sacred Places Around The World: “108 Destinations” by Brad Olsen; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malden_Island Pic Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:NASA-MaldenIsland.jpg Read More 06:18 | 1 komentar Diposting oleh Tripzibit di 06:18 1 komentar Label: Earth Grid, Hidden Cities / Lost Civilizations, Lemuria, Malden Island, Megalithic, Mu, Nan Madol Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Share Tweet Loading... Recent Posts Chapters >> Beasts/Monsters Almas Beast of Gevaudan Bodmin Beast Bunyip Caddie Monster Champlain Monster Chupacabra Crawfordsville Monster Dover Demon Dragons of Ishtar Gate Halifax Sea Serpent Jersey Devil Kongamato Kraken Monster Lindorm Loch Ness Monster Merhorse Mokele-Mbembe Mongolian Deathworm Morag Mothman Monster Ogopogo Piasa Bird Reptoids Sasquatch/Bigfoot Skunk Ape St. Augustine Monster Tatzelwurm Thunderbird Thylacine Utah Lake Monster Wendigo White River Monster Winged Cat Yeti >> Conspiracies 9/11 Conspiracy... Area 51 Black Helicopter Dyatlov Pass Mystery Foo Fighters Hindenburg Disaster HMS Bounty Mutiny JFK Assasination Kecksburg UFO Case Lead Masks Case Lusitania Men In Black MJ-12 Document NAZI's Flying Saucers Philadelphia Experiment Project Blue Book Rendlesham Forest Roswell Shergar SS Sultana Tesla's Lost Journals William Morgan Zeta Reticuli Incident >> Cursed Objects Cursed Diamond Curse Of Tutenkhamun Cursed Painting Cursed Ring Cursed Stone of Glavendrup James Dean's Cursed Car >> Demonic Entities Banshee Deros Draugr Gremlin Imp Incubus & Succubus Nisse >> Enigmatic Entities Abhartach Alexander the Great Bloody Countess Buraq Colonel Fawcett Comte de Saint Germain Dracula Fairies Gog-Magog Grand Duchess Anastasia Hanno the Navigator Homer Jack The Ripper John Dee Kaspar Hauser Khidr King Arthur Leanan Shee Madame De La Tour Mad Gasser Man In The Iron Mask Martin Bormann Merlin Mermaid Monalisa Nicholas Flamel Nostradamus Nyai Roro Kidul Peter the Wild Boy Queen Of Sheba Roger Bacon Sirens Sleeping Prophet Sphinx Springheel Jack Talos Werewolves >> Hidden Treasures 1715 Fleet's Treasure Admiral Nakhimov Treasure Captain Kidd's Treasure Inca Treasure Jesse James's Treasure Johnny Lang's Treasure King John's Lost Treasure King Juba's Treasure Lost Library of Alexandria Lost Library of Ivan The Great Montezuma's Hoard Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple Syonan Jinja Treasure of Maravilla Yamashita's Gold >> Horrors/Hauntings Amityville House Ballechin House Bell Witch's Cave Borley Rectory Calvados Castle Castle Warden Museum Charles Camsell Hospital Dead Man's Island Duffy's Cut Drummer of Tedworth Enfield House Flannan Isles Flying Dutchman General Wayne Inn German Girl Temple Ghost Ship of Block Island Hampton Court Palace Himuro Mansion John Williams and a Ghost at Tanglewood... La Llorona Lawang Sewu Leap Castle Little Red Man Longendale Ghost Plane Manrow House Myrtles Plantation Nopperabou Okiku's Well Phantom Armies Pudu Prison RMS Queen Mary Round Tower of Copenhagen Route 666 Underground Vaults Victor Hotel Whaley House White Witch... Winchester House >> Lost Civilizations Ancient City of Catal Huyuk Ancient City of Dwarka Andros Platform Angkor Wat Atlantis Bimini Road Chichen Itza Cuba's Sunken City Derinkuyu El Dorado Harappa Knossos Lemuria & Mu Lost City of Arctic Circle Lost City of Botaderos Mountain Lost City Of Gold Lost City of Iram Lost City of Kalahari Lost City of Mu'a Lost City of Nan Madol Lost City of Troy Lost Land of Ophir Machu Picchu Malden Island Mayan Empires Osirian Civilization Petra Ruins of Pueblo Bonito Secret City of Marconi Shambhala Skara Brae Sunken City of the Gulf of Cambay Teotihuacan Tiahuanaco Underwater Pyramid Underwater Temple Uyghur Civilization >> Marvels/Miracles Charles Lindbergh Great Flood Hindu Statues Joan of Arc Lourdes Mary Agreda Miracles Of Allah Noah's Ark >> Miscellaneous 1972 Art Theft Amelia Earhart Ambrose Bierce Boudicca's Grave Brown Mountain Lights Bridey Murphy Campden Mysteries Franklin's Expedition Lost Army of Cambyses Lost Colony of Roanoke Lost Dialogues of Aristotle Lost Tomb of Genghis Khan Mary Celeste Ninth Legion Ourang Medan Pendle Witches Cottage Pentagram Perpetual Motion Schooner Jenny SS Jesmond SS Portland SS Waratah Time Travelers Titanic Premonition USS Cyclops USS Scorpion Vela Incident Voodoo Mystery White Ship >> Mysterious Artifact Athanasius Kircher's Map Antikythera Ark of Covenant Baghdad Battery Black Madonna of... Bog Bodies Book of Enoch Crystal Skull Da Vinci's Robot Dead Sea Scroll Dogu Statues Dropa Stones Galley Hill Skeleton Genetic Disk Giant Skeleton Giant Stone Egg Glozel Artifacts Hadji Ahmed Map Hemet Maze Stone Holy Grail Hongshan Myst. Artifacts Ica Stones Iron Pillar of Delhi Jade Disc Klerksdorp Sphere Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi Lost Gospel Malta's Skull Map of the Creator Mayan Calendar Nampa Image Narmer Palette Nebra Sky Disc Neolithic Tools from California Gold Mine Nomoli Statues Olmec Head Phaistos Disc Philosopher's Stone Piri Rei's Map Reck's Skeleton Salimbeni's Painting Spear of Destiny St. Prest Fossils Turin Shroud Underground Army Veronica's Veil Voynich Manuscript >> Myst. Murder Case Battle Creek Black Dahlia Boston Strangler Bruce Lee Christopher Marlowe... John P Wheeler III Lizzie Borden... St. Valentine's Day Zodiac Killer >> Mysterious Symbol Abracadabra Pentagram >> Mystical Places Ancient Megalith Ancient Pyramid of Bosnia Avalon Bermuda Triangle Blue Stonehenge Borobudur Temple Brazilian Stonehenge Chartres Cathedral Crop Circles Dragon's Triangle Easter Island Fountain Of Youth Glastonbury Hollow Earth Kaimanawa Wall Lol-Tun Cave Lyonesse Monks Mound Mount Kasagi's Pyramid Mysterious Hole... Nabta Playa Nazca Lines Oak Island Peterborough Petroglyph Prambanan Temple Pyramids of Giza Quebec's Hammer of Thor Rennes-le-Chateau Ringing Rocks Silbury Hill Stone Circles at Castlerigg Stonehenge Stone Temple of Abu Ghurob World Grid >> Myths/Legends 13 Archimedes' Burning Mirror Halloween Hy Brasil Kilstuitheen Kitsune the Demon Fox Leyak Malin Kundang Menehune Unicorn >> Outerspace Connections Abduction of Antonio Villas Boas Ancient Astronauts Big Bang Brush Creek UFO Extinction Of Dinosaurs Falcon Lake Incident Flatwoods Monster Greece UFO Sightings Hickson & Parker Abduction Hopkinsville Incident Kenneth Arnold's UFO Knowles UFO... Life On Mars Lubbock Light Case Michigan UFO Orfeo Angelucci Schirmer Abduction Socorro Incident Tunguska Explosion UFO Middle Ages Vimana Voronezh UFO Warminster UFO >> Psyc. Power/Phenomena 666 Ball Lightning Black Cat Cattle Mutilations Deja Vu Doppelganger Entombed Animals Jailangkung Levitation Marfa Lights Moodus Noises Moving Coffins Ouija Board Patience Worth Paluxy Tracks Radioesthesia Raining Animals Ramtha Seances SHC Phenomena Stigmata Phenomena Weeping Statues >> Secret Societies Assassins of Persia Aurum Solis Freemasons Holy Vehm Illuminati Knights Templar Rosicrucians Thuggee Popular Posts Black Cat Throughout history, cats have been worshipped as gods by certain cultures and abhorred as demons by others. In European folklore, the bla... Lost Library of Ivan The Great Many famous ancient libraries that contain rare books, maps and other documents were destroyed. The library at Alexandria once held 500,000 ... Sinking of the Titanic Premonition One of the most famous cases of apparent premonition involves the sinking of the ocean liner Titanic. In 1898 an author named Morgan Robe... Madame De La Tour Francoise Marie Jacqueline, who is more commonly known as Madame La Tour or Madame De La Tour is considered Canada’s first heroine. She had ... Malden Island On the barren Pacific islet of Malden lie the remains of a mysterious megalithic culture, the island completely uninhabited by native island...   Feedjit Live Blog Stats Search Engine Optimization and SEO Tools Search Engine Submission - AddMe Feedjit Live Blog Stats Featured Blog of the Day Followers My Friends Link >>Blog Roll 3rdStoneFromTheSun Abdullah A Frank Angle A Journey Into My Heart Add Your Blogs All for one... All Rounder-Exploring Anak Halal And Life Will Never Be... AprilHeart Aristides Art of Hobby A-Smart 2 Rich Balaji Balaji-IPL Mania Blackberry Booklover Cat On My Head Check Down Chizmozo's Portal Cool Kill Lady Crazy Canton Cuts Crispy Papaya David Funk David Funk-World... Delia-Life Connection Dhemz Dhyarga Digital World Dogwalkers d0n_minion Edublawg Eka-Qren's Blog Erwinesta Fire Lover Fishery Flo-Woman Notepad Food Kids Recipe Food World For Free Gadget Gesankart Grace-Heart2Heart Talk Grace-Learn How To Earn Health&Beauty Tips Health Care Hopeful Hopeful-Walk with Me Hot Stuff Avenue How to? Ignition Mind Imelda-My Overview Info Treat Inside the Hotdog Factory IPL Mania Iyanggg Janyen-Cooking With Me Jesica-Ways to Keep... Jong Djava Joy Karmen Kayal's Kitchen Kayal's World Kaynere Kumagcow Lalique LauriLiaw Let's Talk Your... Life at the Beach Life Historic LinGZ Spot Love, Magic, Random... Madz-My Unrevealed Thoughts Manoj-Coolest Gadgets Marvz18 Mrs. Browning My Life My Story Nia-Best Friends Forever Nice Blog Nice Touch Night Investor Nurse's Notes Old Route 66 Opawapo Otai Cyber Putty Angelica Rahulan-Sports World Rare Footages Rayreligion Ria-Beauty Tips Ria-Explore The World... Riding The Horse Sunil-Stay in Focus Techmany Techno Smart Technology In Daily Life TECHZEST Tenk2-Automotive The Hip Hop Mortuary The Song of the RainCrow The Sovereign Empire of Bani Jawi Tiara Gallery Travelofun Tridabizz Vadi-Mindspeaks Vatican and Butler Venks Veronizm Veston Vhotzz View The World Vii-Proud Being Me Web For Rich... Web Jokes William New Blog William Ting Written In Your Heart Yeah Right! Yen-Crucial Bliss Your Social Magazine Yumizara Follow this blog Total Pageviews History & Mystery Sites Alan's Mysterious World Brian Haughton-Author of Books on Ancient Sacred Places Forbidden Archeology Fortean Times Ghosts & Haunts Historic Mysteries: Documenting the Unknown Histories of Things to Come New Illuminaty Newsodrome: Hystory News The Boomer with a View Interesting Blog I Read Alaskan Novelist Golch Central's Rambling Stuff Mike's Place MJG's Loonytoon Central Sparkle the Designer Cat Copyright © 2008-2012. Unsolved Mysteries In The World. Privacy Policy. All Rights Reserved. Template Design by Borneo Templates