TVB Celebrity News Home Posts RSS Comments RSS Edit TVB Celebrity News TVB Celebrity News in English Beyond the Realm of Conscience didn't steal 'The Greatness of a Hero' idea TVB series The Greatness of a Hero was seen as the 'bottom of the warehouse' series when it first premiere in HK. However, as the series gets closer to the end, the report shows an average rating of 32 point, peaking at 36 points. Looks like the series won back some justice. TVB's Director of Drama Production (Catherine Tsang) expressed the series has its strengths that is able to withstand the test of time. It's a 'stock' production, not a 'bottom of the warehouse' production. Towards the high ratings, Kent Cheng felt especially happy that the ratings weren't affected by the Easter holiday. "I heard after our series finished shooting, someone saw the series, stole the idea and engaged in some 'infringement' producing another palace focused drama thereafter. This caused the HK broadcast of The Greatness of a Hero delayed time after time." Reporters later asked Catherine regarding to Kent's comment, was the palace drama he referred to Beyond the Realm of Conscience? She said: "There will not be 'infringement' happening in TVB. Whenever a series completes, only the series producer and myself can see it. I believe there is some misunderstanding, I will explain to Kent." Read More Posted by Hex on Thursday, April 19, 2012 0 comments categories: TVB News | Kelly Chen reveals photos of baby Riley Last month, Kelly Chen gave birth to her youngest son Riley, but had not reveal his photos until yesterday on Riley's 1 month birthday. Kelly shares photos of her, Riley and her oldest son Chace. Regarding, Riley's looks, Kelly wrote on Weibo: "The majority of relatives and friends said Riley looks more like Dad, what do you think?" In reality, both of her sons look a lot like their dad Alex, but Riley has Kelly's chin and mouth. Read More Posted by Hex on 0 comments categories: Kelly Chen | Fala Chen responds to sex before marriage: Conservative freedom Yesterday Fala Chen attended the opening ceremony of a frozen yogurt store Red Mango. She expressed she has intentions to open her own dessert shop too, but she just won't have time to manage it. It was suggested that she just directly transport the desserts from her boyfriend's family karaoke business (Neway) to her store to sell? Fala smiled and said that can't happen. She said the best dessert she can make is chocolate cake, and that its sweet over sweet for her boyfriend after eating it. Athena Chu once expressed she opposes sex before marriage, but then she does it herself. When asked if Fala, who does not have any religious beliefs, can accept sex before marriage? She embarrassingly avoided to answer. At first, she kept saying that each individual has their freedom, as long as its not illegal than it's not a problem. However, after reporters kept pursuing the question on her, Fala said: "Conservative freedom for me, normal things, healthy life!" Read More Posted by Hex on 0 comments categories: Fala Chen | Kevin Cheng hopes to have a son that loves to talk back TVB new series Gloves Come Off (GCO) starts off with high ratings, averaging at 31 points (~2.01 million viewers). Yesterday Kevin Cheng, Nancy Wu, Selena Li, Natalie Tong and Katy Kung were promoting for the series. Kevin will be heading to Xiamen very soon to shoot for a new Mainland series and won't be able to do promotions in HK until May. However, he has confidence on the series because its a fresh new topic and is eye catching to male viewers. It was said GCO is a rip off of the film A Fighter's Blues. Kevin said: "The TV series is 25 episodes, so can explain the story in a different way, in a more enriching way. It's hard to compare TV series to a film." First time playing opposite of a child star, Kevin greatly praises that there are sparks between him and the young actor. He said: "I'm in the pit too, I should have a son. I like him a lot, it's a good thing that he likes to talk back, better than having no excitement, that's how there is hope in the acting. If I'm lucky to have a son in the future, I hope he'll have that type of personality." Kevin has already exchanged phone numbers with the young actor and will be keeping in touch. "His grades in school are pretty good, hope my future son will be just as smart." In the series, Nancy plays a mute and deaf boxer, where she had to cram herself into [learning] sign language and boxing. She shouted expressing the difficulty: "For the sign language, I can still take it home to study, but the most difficult was thast I had to learn boxing over a short period of time, had to train myself to box like a pro. It was physically challenging, but I still enjoyed the entire process." Nancy's first opponent was Tsui Wing, and then she had to fight a real female boxer. Even if the female boxer went easy on her, Nancy still felt her hits were painful. During filming, she got herself some injuries on her thigh. Also, yesterday at the promotion Selena carelessly exposed her red laced underpants, making her feel very embarrassed. Read More Posted by Hex on 0 comments categories: Kevin Cheng, Nancy Wu | Kevin Cheng too busy, no time for physical therapy to treat injuries Yesterday Kevin Cheng attended a BMW event as their ambassador. A fan of BMWs, Kevin drove a convertible to the event and excitedly said: "Will this M5 be given to me as a gift?" Unfortunately, in the end Kevin only got a model of the car. Later during the interview, he expressed his disappointment: "So disappointed! I thought I'll get that car. The car I have now is very small, just the key is very big. Actually, I have pretty good fate with the jockey club and BMW. I'm a member of the jockey club, and they always ask me if I'm going to raise a horse, but it's not the right time now. I have great interest in the jockey club, I like physical activity and playing ball." When asked if he usually drives a pretty girl in a nice car? He laughed: "I do have that hope, but take it step by step. I don't have time to do personal things now. This year I already shot two series and will start my third one in the next few days in Mainland. Let's see if I'll have more time next year to engage in other things. There are a lot of things in life that we need to balance." When speaking of 'finding a girl' after he finishes 'finding money'? He said men should be career-oriented. A few days ago, Kevin went to see a Chinese doctor. It turns out that due to the car accident that he was involved in last year in Mainland, there are signs of shifting in his neck and back. However to avoid causing worries to his mother, he did not say anything. He said: "Actually some injuries require physical therapy, but I haven't had time to do so. When I was shooting a scene in Shanghai where I had to jump off the second floor, I moved [my back/neck] a little and that day I could just put it all back in place! Even now, when I make small movements, my back would feel uncomfortable, so I can't chok anymore!" Read More Posted by Hex on Wednesday, April 18, 2012 1 comments categories: Kevin Cheng | Jessica Hsuan first time on ATV, not afraid of TVB boycotting her Yesterday Jessica Hsuan steps into ATV for the first time to participate in the recording of their programme. She frankly expressed its a special feeling for her: "I never thought that after 19 years, I would take this step. This afternoon, I was even back at TVB for dubbing of Tiger Cubs. (Are you afraid TVB will boycott you and you won't be able to participate in the promotions?) I don't think so. My participation in the promotions is just for the good of the series, TVB won't be that sensitive!" As a freelancer, Jessica is not tied to any contract, but she expressed she did talk to Ricky Wong earlier and felt the conditions he offered weren't too bad. There may be a chance for a collaboration with CTI. As for her love life, Jessica is currently single and reveals she has a pursuer. She joked and said: "I'm still valued in the market!" However, she frankly expressed that she's not rushed, and believes when choosing a boyfriend, the most important factors are having common values and a sense of humor. Read More Posted by Hex on 1 comments categories: Jessica Hsuan | Men chasers in line of fire for TVB love antics A row has broken out over a popular reality show that has as stars a batch of "blossomed women" - females aged over 30 - ready and willing to change their looks and their livestyles to find love. Outraged by the TVB show, psychiatrists and scholars have come together to say the broadcaster should help protect society by pulling the plug on Bride Wannabes immediately and pledging not to produce more shows like it. They launched a Facebook group called "Say No To Bride Wannabes," which has close to 2,000 "likes." But that's not how TVB is thinking, said deputy controller of external affairs Tsang Sing-ming. Rather than stopping the show, TVB plans to add to the desperate women with a male version. Literally translated, the title reads as "Blossomed Women," with characters that play on the fact there are more women than men in Hong Kong. The 10-episode show began on Monday of last week and the finale will be on Friday. The five single thirtysomething women have undergone a series of makeovers by stylists and a life coach so that they can find a partner. But that means the program teaches people to become fakes in order to attract men, argue some of its detractors. A member of the Facebook group, psychiatrist Tsang Fan-kwong, said he has never come across the theories being pumped out by the show. One calls for a woman to look at a man from a 45-degree angle and not to show excitement no matter what he says or promises. Tsang asked: "Why 45 degrees? Why not 35 d egrees? Any angle is good enough as long as the conversation is conducted naturally. Those `professionals' on the show are merely making silly suggestions to earn money. They are shaming themselves." A market fish hawker could offer better advice than the life coaches, he added with a snort. Tsang said he also fears for the five participating women as netizens are likely to dig into their backgrounds to make fun of them. Ho Chi-kwan, a former social science associate professor at the Polytechnic University, said the show is also flawed as it teaches women to behave in the same way to attract men. It is more of an advertising package than a reality show, she added. For there appeared to be 23 commercial operators - dating companies, beauty salons and restaurants - in the first five shows. But Tsang Sing-ming's thoughts are on more of the same. TVB has had requests from viewers for a male version, he said, though nothing is finalized. "Hong Kong is a place with the freedom of speech," he said, and "while we receive criticism we also receive applause." The Communications Authority had received 41 complaints against the show by last night. Read More Posted by Hex on Tuesday, April 17, 2012 0 comments categories: TVB News | Athena Chu announces pregnancy, to marry Paul Wong end of 2012 A member of the group Beyond, 48 year old Paul Wong and 40 year old 'Sexy Goddess' Athena Chu's love marathon has officially reached their 14th year. A few years ago, the couple expressed they aren't in a hurry to marry or have children, but February of this year, Athena was seen to have a bulging stomach. It was rumored Athena was pregnant after going to see a Chinese doctor. However, at the time Athena denied on Weibo: "Just based on the cotton clothing?" She stressed it was just a misconception. Until yesterday afternoon, Athena suddenly posted an excerpt of the lyrics from Paul's Child: "Child, I really want to let you know, even if the world collapses, I still love you, you are the most amazing." She also uploaded a black and white nude photo of her and Paul embracing. Its rumored that Athena is 3 months pregnant. 30 minutes later, Paul reposted Athena's Weibo entry and admitted that they will soon be living a '3 person world': "All along, we thought that love is just between us two, but from today on, it will not longer be just us two. I love you." Paul expressingly indicated Athena's pregnancy by just a simple message. Four hours after the couple's Weibo messages, there were already over 10,000 repost and comments (TN: Updated numbers, it's over 27,000 now). The majority of them were Netizens congratulating the couple and sending their blessings. It was understood Paul denied the pregnancy earlier was all because he loves Athena. He didn't want the good news to turn into troubling news nor did he want the paparazzi's attention and affect Athena's pregnancy. A few days ago, he expressed on Weibo: "Telling a lie is different from keeping a secret, but sometimes to continue upholding the secret, will be forced to tell a lie." Yesterday when the couple met the press back in HK, Paul reveals that they plan to get married at the end of the year. Good Friends Congratulates Paul and Athena Paul has a pretty broad relations with people in the industry, and has many celebrities who are fans of him including Ella Koon, RubberBand's 6 members and William Chan. Athena's good sister, Ada Choi: "I'm currently so happy that I've gone crazy, congrats to them!" Francis Ng: "That's good! Very good news. (Any advice?) Most important is to keep the baby well fed, breastfeeding is the time where the baby and mother can interact, so its a must. Also, must trust what the elders say because they have been through it and have the experience." Kristal Tin: "Congrats to them! I saw their photo on Weibo, so beautiful. It's so loving and touching, Paul and Athena are my idols, especially Paul. I truly believe they'll be very happy together." Ella Koon: "So happy, I heard from a friend they announced the pregnancy. I went on Weibo immediately to look, and saw their beautiful photo. I think their baby will definitely inherit their performing art talent. If the baby's a boy, then he'll have music talent and if a girl, then she'll be super beautiful." William Chan: "Of course I'm going to congratulate my 'brother'. I'm extremely happy for him. In my eyes, he's so man, now he has a baby and a family, even more man, very hot." Grasshopper's Calvin Choy expressed he knows Paul very well and plans to give the couple custom made baby products. Read More Posted by Hex on 0 comments categories: Athena Chu | Stephen Huynh getting married in France this July Stephen Huynh and his girlfriend (Peggy) of 3 years will be getting married in France on July 23rd. On March 16, 2013 the couple will be holding their wedding banquet at the Hong Kong Intercontinental Hotel. A few days ago, the couple were doing their wedding photo shoot several different locations. Stephen even spent over HK$200K on a red motorcycle for the photo shoot. His group of 'car buddies' including Michael Tse, Timmy Hung, Alex Fong (Chun Sun), Jordan Chan and Carlos Ng each drove their favorite cars to the location in order to support Stephen. 'My Dream Wedding' sponsored Stephen's photo shoot. He and Peggy were hugging and kissing, looking very heartwarming together. Peggy also had on a 2 karat diamond ring. Stephen frankly expressed the lucky date of his marriage and wedding was chosen by a fortune teller. A winery sponsored his wedding at a castle in Bordeaux, France. As for himself, he personally prepared 6 figures worth of air tickets to fly his friends and family over to France to take part in his wedding. Stephen has also purchased a 'love nest' already, and now that he has a car, a home and a shop, he frankly expressed it would be perfect if he has children too. However, on imperial orders by his mother-in-law, the couple must practice abstinence before the wedding takes place: "Mother-in-law said we have to brush the hair first, then we'll officially be married after the wedding banquet. I've been pulling through for so long already, might as well just wait until then. I've been wanting to have a baby for a long time, but we have to be 100% ready before we do it. It's not too good to be pregnant at the wedding." As for Peggy, she expressed she has some skin irritations and pimples due to the stress over wedding preparations. When speaking of children, she hopes to have twins. Also, Michael Tse expressed he heard Stephen was taking wedding photos, so he quickly dropped by to congratulate him. Timmy said he got his license in June, and took advantage of the time when his wife, Janet Chow, was in a good mood to ask if he's allowed to preorder the motorcycle. Read More Posted by Hex on Monday, April 16, 2012 0 comments categories: Stephen Huynh | Linda Chung: I thought about dating Raymond Lam before Why is a Jade Girl a Jade Girl? As TVB's Jade Girl FaDan, Linda Chung has been in the industry for 8 years and only had two rumored boyfriends -- TVB Siu Sang Raymond Lam and martial artist star Philip Ng. (Linda speaks...) Back then when Raymond Lam and I were rumored, every newspaper/magazine said the same thing and said we really matched. It was rumored so severely that it felt like [everyone] wanted to force us to be together. Even I had a moment, a thought that flashed through my mind, can I really think about dating Raymond? I really did have that one quick moment of thought! Perhaps its because of filming, I was influenced by Raymond's character, but that was just a moment of thought, it just flashed by! Because I can quickly tell if I have the feeling or not. Why won't it work? I really don't know! Dating is about the feeling, I didn't have feel, how can we date? A Slow Starter! Although I did have a thought of dating [Raymond] flash through my mind, but I never told Raymond about this thought. Although I love to talk, but I'm a slow starter, especially back then when I was shooting series. I only had one or two words with everyone. It was just in the recent few years that I started keeping in touch with people. Even if Steven Ma and I collaborated in 4 series together, it was later on that we started chatting more, so how can I tell Raymond? However, I definitely don't have a crush on Raymond, please don't misunderstand. Raymond and I are just colleagues and friends, haha! I understand audience like to see the main actor and actress be together in real life, just like how I really wanted Ekin Cheng and Nnadia Chan to be together back when I watched dramas! When I turned 25 years old, I already thought "Oh no! I turned into a middle-aged woman! I don't like people calling me middle-aged!" Although this year I'm 28, I am not afraid of being a 'sing lui'! I really want to have my own family too, sometimes my parents tell me to stop focusing so much on work, they would rush me. They tell me to think about myself, get marry and start a family. Even if I'm rumored with Raymond and Philip, my parents won't ask me about the rumors because they clearly know what I'm thinking. I chat with my parents daily, why wouldn't they know if the news are true or false? I know dating is about feelings, but I can't let a moment of thought blind me. Although my parents are anxious and hurried, but they still tell me to be careful. I'm a strange person. I must be friends with the person for a few years before I consider dating them. Once I start dating, I think about marriage. However, how many guys would want to first be friends with me for two years? But, you cannot rush fate nor will I change my personality. Ten years from now, I really hope I won't have to work in this industry and change to something else. Aside from having a good husband and two babies, I hope my family lives in the house next to me, so we can look after each other! The most important is good health, still looking pretty on the inside and outside, haha! It's not that I don't have interest in this industry, but marriage and starting a family is just another stage in life. People will have to get through different stages in life to grow and improve. Read More Posted by Hex on 0 comments categories: Linda Chung | Older Posts Custom Search Donate to TVB Celebrity News Like the site? Why don't you buy us a cup of coffee, and help develop the site! Thank You. K-pop Entertainment News Sponsors Tags Aarif Lee Aaron Kwok Ada Choi Adam Cheng Adrian Chau Aimee Chan Akina Alan Po Alan Tam Alex Fong Alex To Alice Chan Amigo Chui Amy Chan Amy Kwok Andy Hui Andy Lau Angel Chiang Angela Tong Angelababy Anita mui Anita Yuen Anne Heung Annie Liu Annie Man Anthony Wong Astrid Chan Athena Chu ATV News Ben Wong Benny Chan Bernice Liu Bobby Au Yeung Bondy Chiu bosco Bosco Wong Bowie Lam Calvin Choy Candice Chiu Candy Yuen Carina Lau Carol Cheng Carrie Lam Carrie Ng Catherine Chau Cathy Tsui Cecilia Cheung Cecilia Yip Chan Hung Lit Chapman To Charlene Choi Charles Szeto Charmaine Li Charmaine Sheh Cherie Chung Cherrie Ying Cheung Tat Ming Cheung Wah Biu Chin Ka Lok Chingmy Yau Chow Yun Fat Chris Lai Chrissie Chau Christine Kuo Christine Ng Cilla Kung Cindy Au Claire Yiu Coffee Lu Connie Chan CTI News Damian Lau daniel wu David Lui Dayo Wong Deborah Li Deep Ng Denise Ho Derek Kwok Deric Wan Dexter Young Dicky Cheung Donnie Yen Eason Chan Eddie Cheung Eddie Ng Edison Chen Edmond Leung Edwin Siu Eileen Cha Eileen Yeow Ekin Cheng Elaine Ng Elaine Yiu Elanne Kong Elizabete Kwong Ella Koon Elton Loo Elvina Kong Eric Li Eric Suen Eric Tsang Erica Yuen Esther Kwan Evergreen Mak Fala Chen Faye Wong Felix Wong Fiona sit Fiona yuen Flora Chan Florence Kwok Florinda Ho Francis Ng Francois Huynh Frankie Lam G.E.M Gaile Lok Gallen Lo Gary Cao Gary Tang gem Gemma Choi Gigi Lai Gigi Leung Gigi Wong Gillian Chung Gong Li Gordon Liu Gregory Lee Guo Jingjing Ha Yu Hacken Lee Hawick Lau Him Law Hins Cheung Hsu Chi Huang Xiao Ming Idy Chan Irene Wan Isabella Kou Isabella Leong Jack Wu Jackie Chan Jacky Cheung Jacquelin Ch'ng Jacqueline Chong Jamie Chik Janet Chow Janice Man Janice Vidal Janis Chan Jason Chan Jaycee Chan Jennifer Tse Jessica C Jessica Hsuan Jessie Shum Jill Vidal JJ Jia Joe Ma Joel Chan Joesph Lee Joey Meng Joey Yung John Chiang Johnson Lee Jolin Tsai Jordan Chan Josephine Siao Fong Fong Joyce Cheng Joyce Tang Julian Cheung June Chan Juno Mak Justin Lo JW Kama Kara Hui Karen Mok Karena Lam Kary Ng Kate Tsui Kathy Chow Hoi Mei Katy Kung Kay Tse Kelly Chen Kenix Kwok Kenneth Ma Kenny Bee Kenny Kwan Kenny Wong Kent Cheng Kevin Cheng Kibby Lau Kiki Sheung Kitty Yuen Koni Lui Kristal Tin Lau Dan Law Kar Ying Lawrence Ng Leanne Li Lee Heung Kam Lee Tim Sing Leila Tong Leo Ku Leon Lai Leslie Cheung Leung Ka Kei Li Bing Bing Lin Xiawei Linda Chung Linda Wong Lisa Chong lisa s Liu Xuan Liza Wang Louis Koo Louis Yuen Louisa So Lydia Tong Lynn Hung Lynn Xiong Macy Chan Mag Lam Maggie Cheung Maggie Cheung Ho Yee Maggie Siu Mandy Cho Mandy Lieu Mandy Wong Marie Zhuge Matthew Ko Mavis Pan mc jin Melissa Ng Michael Hui Michael Miu Michael Tao Michael Tong Michael Tse Michele Lee Michelle Reis Michelle Ye Michelle Yim mimi lo Miriam Yeung misc Miu Siu Ching Mona Fong Monica Chan Moses Chan Myolie Wu Nancy Sit Nancy Wu Natalie Tong Nichola Cheung Nicholas Tse Nick Cheung niki Niki Chow Ning Jin Nnadia Chan Noel Leung Oscar Leung Patrick Tang Patrick Tse paul chun Pierre Ngo Pinky Cheung Poon Ka Tak power chan Queenie Chu Rabee Yeung Rain Li Ray Lui Raymond Cho Raymond Lam Raymond Wong Real Ting Rebecca Chan Rebecca Zhu remus choi Richard Li Ricky Hui Ricky Wong Roger Kwok Ron Ng Ronald Cheng Rosamund Kwan Rose Chan Rosemary Ruco Chan Samantha Ko Sammi Cheng Sammul Chan Sammy Leung Sammy Shum Sandra Ng Sean Lau Selena Li Selina Selina Jen Sharon Chan Sheren Tang Sherman Chung Sherming Yiu Shermon Tang Sherry Chen Shirley Yeung Simon Yam Sire Ma Skye Chan Sonjia Kwok Sophie Su Stephanie Cheng Stephen Au Stephen Chan Stephen Chow Stephen Huynh Stephen Wong Stephy Tang Steven Ma Suki Tsui Sunny Chan Susanna Kwan Tang Chi Wai Tavia Yeung Teresa Carpio Teresa Cheung Teresa Mo Theresa Fu Theresa Lee Timmy Hung Toby Chan Toby Leung Tony Leung Tracy Ip tvb TVB 42nd Anniversary TVB News TVB Series Twins Viann Zhang Vin Choi Vincci Cheuk Vincent Lam Vincent Wong Vincy Chan Virginia Lok Vivian Chow Vivian Lai Vivien Chow Vivien Yeo Vonnie Lui Wan Chi Keung Wang Wei Wayne Lai William Chan Wong Cho Lam Wong He Wong Hei Wong Tin Lam Wong Yau Nam Wu Fung Yammie Lam Yoga Lin Yoyo Chen Yoyo Mung Yumiko Cheng Zac Koo Topics Blog Archive Blog Archive Apr 2012 (57) Mar 2012 (98) Feb 2012 (86) Jan 2012 (93) Dec 2011 (96) Nov 2011 (93) Oct 2011 (104) Sep 2011 (103) Aug 2011 (125) Jul 2011 (111) Jun 2011 (106) May 2011 (108) Apr 2011 (117) Mar 2011 (94) Feb 2011 (91) Jan 2011 (116) Dec 2010 (98) Nov 2010 (121) Oct 2010 (114) Sep 2010 (99) Aug 2010 (108) Jul 2010 (121) Jun 2010 (130) May 2010 (89) Apr 2010 (119) Mar 2010 (137) Feb 2010 (131) Jan 2010 (162) Dec 2009 (126) Blogroll TV Torrents - TV Show Torrents NYC 22 Season 1 4 days ago V³ Magazine Jennifer Love Hewitt - Maxim April 2012 1 month ago Kpop Entertainment News in English K-pop Entertainment News has MOVED!!! 1 month ago AsianFanatics Forum Hong Kong Entertainment News - AsianEU - The Best Choice - Easy, Convenient and Friendly Vote for Us: Dmegs Web Directory Copyright 2009 | TVB Celebrity News Zengard Template designed by the Jinsona Design and XML coded by CahayaBiru.com