The Online Community for Writers - Writing.Com %%USERNAME%% %%ACCWORDS%% %%ONOFF%% Est. %%EST%% View Portfolio   Visit Notebook   Send Gift Points   Send a Merit Badge   Get Writing Prompts for iPhone/iPad/iPod or Android. "A definite asset for the aspiring write! Love it! ~~mcimouse - Aug 2011" Share | Username:   Password:   About Us From Our Sponsor: Writing.Com, the premier online community for writers of all interests and skill levels, has been going strong since 2000. We provide an extremely creative environment for authors, offering hundreds of unique writing tools and opportunities for creation and inspiration. Whether you are a writer looking for the perfect place to store and display your masterpieces or a reader willing to offer feedback for our writers and their work, this is the website for you. No other website services the writing world better than we do! Why join Writing.Com?    Free online writing portfolio,    Easy way to share your work,    Countless contests and activities,    Numerous writing tools,    Full email services,    Meet and bond with fresh, creative minds just like you! It's crazy how much you get for free here! Join Writing.Com and you'll see! 958,998 members have already signed up and created over 1,762,674 portfolio items. We will email an activation code to your email address. To access your account for the first time, you will need to enter the correct activation code. Please make sure you provide the correct email address. First Name: Your username is used for login and email: username@Writing.Com. Must be rated "E" for Everyone. No profane, sexual or other "adult" words. Accounts not in compliance will be removed without prior notice. Last Name: Your password must be between 6 and 16 characters in length and it may not contain these characters: " ' < > # or & Your password must be between 6 and 16 characters in length and it may not contain these characters: " ' < > # or & Email Address: Username: (4 to 14 characters - 'E' Rated) Password: (6 to 16 characters) Re-Type Password: Recent Contest Listings  18+Paradise Cove Writing Challenge A fabulous world awaits in this Romance/Erotica writing contest. Great prizes.  EAnother Side Make the cliche into something new to win prizes and a chance at publication!  EWin a Handmade Book Contest Win a Handmade Book Contest  18+Storytellers Announce: It's Storytime A weekly prompt based writing contest. Enter to win 10,000 GP or a MB of your choice. More Contests Newest Books  ASRThe Mercenary What if you're magically transported in your favorite videogame ?  EGet to Know the Real Me I began this blog at the urging of a friend. Did she recognize talent?  EI Write, Therefore I Am! The writings of a post-teen!  18+The Glare of the Dragon An ancient legend brought to life in modern times, what will it mean for this world. More Books Recently Awarded Items  18+Ghost Town Massacre Rocks Nation! Three dead! Friends accused of murder! What really happened that night? Read her account!  EThe Sky 1st place winner of the week:A Poem A Day Contest: Tri-Fall Poem  13+Love of the Game Little League Baseball, hot summer days, and the love of the game.  EGod’s Precious Gifts Who are we to deserve the majesty of God's beauty  ASRDesert Thorn, Desert Rose On the last day of work, Aarush must face some shocking truths. And a pleasant surprise. More Awarded Items Random Reads  EThe Smile response to today's Writer's Cramp: write about something I've lost.  EA Shallow Sea of Dark If you don't want to drown, you must learn to swim.  EThe Girl with the Cobalt Blue Eyes There is just something about a girl with blue eyes.  Ethe fallen we fall from grace sometimes, and the scars follow us everywhere Go to a Random Read On Facebook Advertise With Us * Linking To Writing.Com * Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Statement * Copyright Policy * Online Creative Writing * Terms of Service * Close An Account Resources: Genre Listing, Copyrights, Self Publishing, Web Hosting, Writing Classes, Writing Prompts, Newsletters Copyright 2000 - 2011  21 x 20 Media All rights reserved. This site is property of 21 x 20 Media All Writing.Com images are copyrighted and may not be copied / modified in any way. All other brand names & trademarks are owned by their respective companies. Please post questions in our support forum.   Site Archive Give your writing a home on Writing.Com. Whether you're writing your first poem or your tenth creative writing novel, Writing.Com is write for you! From feedback on your writing to meeting other writers or readers, you'll be amazed at the online creative writing tools and features we provide. Sign up today and learn more about writing. You'll find writing tips, writing tricks, and writing reviews. We look forward to seeing your writing online! Writing: We are the site for writing! Writing found here... including Writing Poetry, Writing Stories, Writing Fiction, Writing Novels and Much More! Don't miss our Poetry Newsletter!