Summer Sunshine Pages Home About 2012 Bucket List 2012 Wish List Wedding Coordination Services Tumblr Thursday, April 19, 2012 I Want Carey's Hair Observation: my hair grows fast. I cut my hair short last January and after 3 months, I think I need another haircut. I'm into short hair now mainly because I want low-maintenance hair. I've done pixie cut before. Ten years ago, I think. My inspiration that time in getting really, really short hair was Kirsten Dunst when I watched her movie Crazy, Beautiful. I want pixie cut again. This time, Carey Mulligan is my inspiration. Isn't she pretty? I think she's really, really pretty. She looks very young with her short hair. The only movie of her that I've watched is Drive (with Ryan Gosling). She reminds me of local actress Angel Jacob. There's a resemblance, right? Now the only problem is to get the husband say yes to this plan. :) 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: angel jacob, carey mulligan, hair, haircut, kirsten dunst, pixie cut Reactions:  Thursday, April 12, 2012 Mother and Daughter To all mothers with baby girls, the following pictures are for you. I'm sure your hearts will melt just like mine did at the sight of these. You can almost feel the love between a mother and a daughter. Source: indiahicks.com via April Mae on Pinterest Source: lovelymoms.tumblr.com via April Mae on Pinterest Source: diapersdaisies.blogspot.com via April Mae on Pinterest Source: brownbutton.blogspot.com via April Mae on Pinterest Source: flickr.com via April Mae on Pinterest Source: liveandenliven.com via April Mae on Pinterest Now I want a photo of me and Summer as beautiful as the ones above. :) 1 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: mother and daughter, motherhood Reactions:  Home Inspiration: Beautiful Home Decor I've been in the zone of decorating our room and the whole house lately. I can't help looking for inspiration everywhere. Here are some of the really beautiful home pieces I found in Design Sponge. Enjoy! :) the huge paimting, pink table runner, and the chairs the mirror, ceramics, and purple chimney the pink sofa, cute throwpillows, and the rug purple walls and aqua mirror the blue beanbag the colorful kitchen tiles the hot pink wall and the decals 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: home decor, interior design Reactions:  Wednesday, April 11, 2012 Wear Hatch Have you noticed that pregnant women now are chicer? I think one reason is that maternity clothes are getting more and more stylish. When I was pregnant, I really didn't buy much maternity clothes. Most were hand-me-downs from my sisters-in-law. I did buy clothes but I made sure that I would still be able to wear them after I gave birth. Just like the Hatch clothing line. Hatch is a collection of chic pieces that can be worn before, during, and after the pregnancy bump. They can even be worn by not pregnant women! :) If I was pregnant and could afford it, I'd definitely get even one piece from this collection. 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: hatch, maternity clothes, pregnancy Reactions:  Friday, March 30, 2012 White Walls In this post, I shared my wall color pegs for the repainting of our room. However, at the last minute, I decided on white walls. Why white? White just looks clean, fresh, bright, easy, and calming. Some may think that it's boring. But the key is to give the room pops of bright colors from pieces or furniture. Here are some of inspiration I found from The Style Files blog. I'm sure you'll agree with me. :) 1 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: interior design, white walls Reactions:  Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Sigma Makeup Let's Pin! Follow Me On Twitter Follow @wengkekay Followers Visitor Counter Amazon Amazon.com Widgets Blogs by Friends abigail's JOY One Snapshot a Day The Hikezillas This side down. We'll Tell You - A&W Couple's Blog Wonderful Journey Lifestyle Blogs 101 Grams of (Eye) Candy A CUP OF JO A Matter of Taste by miaymarchA Matter of Taste by miaymarch | A Matter of Taste by miaymarch Because I Love Random Things Chuvaness.com Daphne karotitay.com Life After Breakfast manila fashion observer pattylaurel Spell Saab Topaz Horizon Blogs by Hot Mommas a mischmashed life manilamommy.com Mothering Earthlings Topaz Mommy Wedding 100 Layer Cake Bride and Breakfast The Wedding Chicks ThisIsReallyIsIt Felicity Events Bulacan for your on-the-day events coordination needs Search This Blog Loading... Nuffnang Never miss a post. Enter your email address below. Blog Archive ▼  2012 (36) ▼  April (4) I Want Carey's Hair Mother and Daughter Home Inspiration: Beautiful Home Decor Wear Hatch ►  March (9) White Walls Wedding Inspiration Summer Loves Books! Moodboard: Our Room The Lorax: Summer's First Summer's Trial on Swimming Class The Weekend That Was DVF loves Gap Chevron ►  February (11) ickle and Lardee Monday Katam Who Lives Longest? Happy Weekend! Kor Water Bottle Driving Lessons Happy Weekend! Wall and Cabinet Color Pegs Award! The Weekend That Was Rootote on Sale ►  January (12) I Heart Tote Bags Weddings and Debuts 2012 Bridal Fair The Weekend That Was Security Pillow Happy Long Weekend! Keds Human Nature Hydrating Toner M.O.I. Cosmetics Cheers to the Freakin' Weekend! 2012 Wish List 2012 Bucket List 2011: The Year That Was ►  2011 (90) ►  December (6) NYC Shoes 3 Years! Summer Loves Florsheim Summer's 2nd Dental Checkup Jessica Simpson and The Little Red Dress Felicity Events Bulacan ►  November (14) Hot Momma Nicole What's Inside Abbey and Wilma's Bag Fully Booked Weekend What's Inside a Wonder Woman's Diaper Bag Celebrity Moms and Babies What's Inside Jho's Bag Maxi Skirts 7 Billion ►  October (14) ►  September (12) ►  August (2) ►  July (5) ►  June (7) ►  May (9) ►  April (7) ►  March (8) ►  February (5) ►  January (1) ►  2010 (79) ►  December (12) ►  November (12) ►  October (11) ►  September (9) ►  August (12) ►  July (14) ►  June (9) Popular Posts Keds Kor Water Bottle I Want Carey's Hair Summer's Movie List The Lorax: Summer's First Chitika Ethereal template. Powered by Blogger.