Tweetington.com :: Book Review skip to main | skip to sidebar Home India Pakistan Bangladesh Sri Lanka Afghanistan Nepal Bhutan Maldive Global Far East South East Asia Main Lifestyle Blog Fine Food Women Bollywood Entertainment Desi Paki Mad SciTech Education Book Review Saturday, February 5, 2011 Jonathan and Julie Myerson on Blue Valentine: almost too painful to watch Novelist Julie Myerson and her husband, screenwriter Jonathan Myerson, offer widely differing views on what has been labelled the most depressing relationship film ever HER VIEW: 'After the sex, prepare for real life or be torn apart' How many terrible marriages begin this way? Dean and Cindy have only known each other a matter of weeks and seem to have shared no more than a few laughs and a few orgasms when she accidentally gets pregnant. Cindy has ambitions. She wants to study to be a doctor. With Dean's support, she books an abortion, only to find she can't go through with it. Dean, meanwhile, who works for a removals firm and doesn't seem to boast much by way of professional ambition, is understanding. He puts his arms around her, says maybe they should be "a family". And so they marry, while knowing almost nothing about each other except that, for the moment anyway, they're sexually compatible. Five or six years later, although Dean does seem to be an involved and hands-on father to their little girl, he's also a directionless loser, dozing over his beer at eight in the morning. Cindy, meanwhile, has missed her chance of becoming a doctor and has had to make do as a radiographer. She's not only out of love with (both the idea and the reality of) Dean, she's also bored, tired, frustrated, angry. Hardly surprising. This marriage never stood a chance. Blue Valentine is simply a film about an abortion that should have gone ahead. Yet how much more interesting and complex it would have been had it been prepared to show us something a bit more ambiguous an honest account of how even the best intentioned and most loving marriages can come unstuck. Yes, the early days are heady, exciting, sexually delicious. But most couples marry after a substantial period of knowing and caring for one another. They know stuff about each other. They do both easy and difficult things together. There are in-depth conversations, opportunities to explore one anot! her emot ionally as well as simply physically. And one of the most universal sadnesses, surely, is that not even all of this can guarantee a long and happy relationship. Because marriages are difficult. People change. Desires change. Bodies change. And life, with all of its problems and risks and uncertainties, is precarious and stressful. So, the years and the kids roll by and one day you're 26 or 30 and laughing together about something happy and stupid. And then it feels like no time at all has passed and you look up to see a tired, preoccupied, middle-aged person in front of you. That moment, with all of its compromises and ultimately, if you're lucky, kindnesses is what this film could have been about. But to do that, the couple would have had to have got to know each other properly, had fewer accidents, more planned children (you think it's hard with one child, Cindy you wait till they outnumber you) and, of course, there would have had to be some decent and realistic dialogue. Where I thought the film was almost strong, and certainly far more honest, was in the scene where Dean insists on taking Cindy for a "romantic" night away at what turns out to be a comically sleazy sex motel. He romantic in the purest, laziest and most useless way thinks that all it will take to fix their marriage is a long night of drinking and sex. She an ambitious working mother whose husband is content that his blue-collar drudgery allows him to stay drunk all day is frankly just shattered. She needs a cup of tea, an early night, a man who's prepared to talk to her, listen to her, put his arms around her. The exact opposite of a sex motel, in fact. I loved the look on Michelle Williams's face simultaneously weary and crestfallen as she stood and surveyed the enormous revolving bed. And the scene which followed: he just wanted the sex to be sweet and romantic, even mentioning the possibility of another baby; she was so angry and misunderstood that she couldn't even bring herself to kiss him! (and in fact just wanted the sex to be unkind). This scene, at last, touched me. It was real, it was ugly and it was painful. And because it didn't offer any answers, it took us to a far more honest and less comfortable place. HIS VIEW: 'Whatever he does, his best will never be good enough' Beware the special occasion. Little is more likely to destroy a relationship or at least bring its fault lines nastily to the surface than New Year's Eve, the anniversary special date or, as in the case of Blue Valentine's Dean, a night in the Future Room of "a cheesy sex motel". Because if there's one thing we know when Dean chooses this room (instead of Cupid's Cave), it's that this relationship Has No Future. Yet it seems so much like the right thing to do. Drop the kid at grandpa's and spend some unhassled time together. The trouble is that he is placing their relationship faltering, distant, not quite yet dysfunctional foursquare into the harsh glare of What Next? And this is surely what the marketers of these special, relationship re-rebuilding weekends/couples holidays/spas hope that you will forget until you've signed the cheque: once you've finished Staring Into Each Other's Eyes, what do you do next? This is where Blue Valentine hits it on the nail: once the staring is over, the two sexes now seem to have wholly differing and, more important, incompatible agendas. In the movie, she sidesteps his sexual advances until they get the time to sit and talk about his career, his "potential", and thus their future. He avoids the question after all, he came here to "get drunk and make love". She balks at his unwillingness ever to talk seriously; he unsuccessfully tries to hide his grumpiness. Once that point is reached, sex is the last thing on anyone's mind. This man's agenda may sound horribly cliched, but he's not quite as predictable as this makes out. Dean is in fact a New Man, he has changed to meet the times. Asked what he wants to do with his li! fe, he s ays he wants to "be a husband and father" and dutifully does his wage-slave job in order to make that possible. And he has every claim to be a good father: he's putting both time and energy into bringing up their five-year-old. What's more he's the one determined to inject some fun, some lightness back into the marriage. But it's cruel. As a representative of New Manhood, he scores serious points. Back at the start of things, when his new girlfriend can't go through with the pregnancy termination, he's the one who hugs her and suggests that they "be a family" instead. (And, what's more, he knows the baby is probably not his.) He does all this and, for some reason, it's still not enough for Cindy. Yes, it's strongly implied that he high school dropout has kiboshed her medical school ambitions. But she's the one who decided to keep the baby. And he was right outside, in the waiting room, ready and willing to support her. Six years later, he's the one who gets up and does the 5am to 8am stint with little Frankie. He digs the hole and buries the dog. He gets to the school concert first. And still, he doesn't passmuster. Which is not to say that good marriages can be built merely on career prospects, quality time or even basic reliability. There does surely have to be something else. But maybe this search for the Something Else is exactly what kills the future for Dean and Cindy. They know they want something but have no clear idea of what it is. As men go, Dean represents anything but the feckless, workshy, parenting-averse man whom sociologists now blame for the preponderance of single mothers. Maybe it's Cindy, the businesslike Mom and head-screwed-on radiographer, who is the one who needs to wake up to her own self-generated dissatisfaction. Now that the man has come over to her side let's be a family, let's enjoy time with each other, and don't forget the packed lunch she's the one who cannot ease up, cannot find where she wants to belong. ! Those wh o have seen the film will know that I have omitted the man's one big failing: he has a drink problem. He starts with a beer during his morning parenting stint and stays that way for most of the day. Maybe he was always heading that way or maybe he has been driven to it by his wife's gradual withdrawal, but one thing is certain: now things are tough, she makes her one truly big choice. She can fix it or she can trash it. Six years previously she was offered what any pre-liberation bride would have jumped at. But now, faced with the hard work of marriage, she gives up and walks away. Relationships Julie Myerson Jonathan Myerson Julie Myerson guardian.co.uk Guardian News & Media Limited 2011 | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook 0 Comments Down in the privatised forest Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook 0 Comments Older Posts Home Archive For This Section Only ▼  2011 (258) ▼  01/30 - 02/06 (64) Jonathan and Julie Myerson on Blue Valentine: almo... Down in the privatised forest Save Our Libraries day live coverage Saturday Snapshot - February 5 Ten of the best Waterstone mulls bid for bookshops that bear his n... Diana Norman obituary Gallery: Your library needs YOU! Stand up and take action against library closures Save Our Libraries day: map your protest via Twitt... Protests across the UK expected for Save Our Libra... Billions and Billions: thoughts on life and death ... Protests across the UK expected for Save Our Libra... Save our libraries ... but not our gross-out comed... Poster poems: School Friday Finds - February 4 cover unveiled for Alison Weir's NF book on Mary B... Poetry bestseller boasts saucy secret in the bookb... The Fighters Cruel Art Hemingway's old man is all at sea Donald Carroll obituary Israel & Palestine: Breaking the Silence A century of artists' manifestos Brighton Rock review A century of artists' manifestos Experience enriches fiction, but it doesn't reward... Arts cuts really do matter, actually | AL Kennedy An antidote to socialist despair | Tony Benn Britains first celebrity stalker revealed Donald Rumsfeld memoirs reveal no regrets over Ira... Untitled The Waterboys review WikiLeaks: Tunisia knew its rulers were debauched.... We still need books to make sense of Wikileaks Some good cuts news? Plus Philip Pullman, philanth... Is speculative fiction poised to break into the li... We still need books to make sense of Wikileaks Exploring Natural China by Heather Angel - audio s... Old classics Response: Germaine Greer's criticism of George Ber... ElBaradei and Egypts Nuclear Future Letters: Egypt and the credibility of the Middle E... Is Health Care Reform Unconstitutional? Ian McMillan library event cancelled Open thread: Do we still need professional critics... The stalker who stole Queen Victoria's underwear Alexandria youth 'protecting library from looters'... Save Our Libraries Day: find your nearest protest The deep foundations of the country-house novel The digested read January 2011 Wrap Up Interview with Sandra Worth, author of Pale Rose o... Mailbox Monday WikiLeaks: Strained relations, accusations and cr... Digested read: Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother by ... Cairo book fair abandoned amid unrest Andrea Levy meets the book club Murakami's 1Q84 due in English Poem of the week: Stowaways by Lawrence Sail How to file newspaper copy - first, take well-grou... Review: To Serve a King by Donna Russo Morin Letters: Can philanthropy again come to the help o... February Releases in Historical Fiction & History/... The Sunday Salon - January 30 ►  01/23 - 01/30 (71) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (69) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (53) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (1) ►  2010 (1) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (1) Country Category Your Ad Here Portal Sitemap Home WORLD Bollywood @ Entertain News @ Hollywood Gossips @ Desi Masala Sports # Cricket Buzz SciTech Asia - Asia Far East - Asia South East - Asia Military World = China News = Europe News = Middle East = Rest of World = UK News = US News = View & Opinions Lifestyle * Book & Writing * Fine Luxury * Food & Dining * Home & Women * Odd, Fun & Mad INDIA @ Blog @ Cities @ Business @ Economy @ Education @ Environment @ Features @ Global @ Indian Abroad @ InfoTech @ Market @ Money @ Opinions @ Politics @ Specials # Newsportal Listings PAKISTAN @ News # Global = Desi + Newsportal Listings BANGLADESH @ News & Infotainment # Newsportal Listings SRI LANKA @ News & Infotainment # Newsportal Listings AFGHANISTAN @ News & Infotainment # Newsportal Listings NEPAL @ News & Infotainment # Newsportal Listings BHUTAN @ News & Infotainment # Newsportal Listings MALDIVES @ News & Infotainment # Newsportal Listings Amazon.com Widgets Share & Search Chinese Optimized Search Search This Blog Only Search All Tweetington.com Loading Social Media Follow Us On Twitter Read Our Buzz On Google Befriend Us On Facebook Thanks For Clicking "Like" :) More News & More Stories Your Ad Here Latest News & Updates Breaking South Asia News, Sports, Business, Politics, Entertainment &amp; Technology. Desi, Actress, Celebrities, Gallery, Bollywood, Hollywood, Gossips, Scandals. Technology, Asia, World. Fengshui, I-Ching, Zodiac, Geomancy, Horoscope, Psychic, Tarot, Fortune, Personals, Love, Dating, Romance, Relationship, TV, Radio, Music, Movies, Music, Movies, Fashion, Beauty, Games, Satire, Comedy, Events, Festivals, Food, Wellness, Health Bollywood Buzz More Bollywood Buzz @ Here Entertainment News More Entertainment News @ Here Hollywood Gossips More Hollywood Gossips @ Here Books Sales Up To 90% Off Amazon.com Widgets Amazon.com Widgets   Copyright © 2010 All rights reserved to the original sources. Amazing South Asia® is a community service powered by Tweetington.com South Asia's Newsportal Listings [Afghanistan] [Bangladesh] [Bhutan] [India] [Pakistan] [Maldives] [Nepal] [Sri Lanka]