Ultimate autos Sedan | Convertible | Coupe | Hatchbacks | SUVs | Hybrids | Mini Van | Sports Car | Luxury Cars | Green Autos | Electric Autos | Awful Substances in Automobiles [INFOGRAPHICS]. Tweet Guest post by Brian Turner. Mechanics and car enthusiasts may not be aware of the toxic substances that are routinely found in automobiles. Many are familiar with carbon monoxide and its potential dangers; with this knowledge, steps can be taken to minimize or eliminate exposure to it. However, there are other substances that most people are not aware of, and regular exposure could lead to serious health problems. Awful Substances in Automobiles [INFOGRAPHICS]. Read more » 0 comments Tags Environment, Info-graphics US Govt and Auto makers will make sure that Plug-in vehicles will be affordable in coming years. Tweet Speaking at Detroit Economic Club, Steven Chu, US Energy secretary, said that Govt., want to see upto million plug-ins and hybrid cars by end of 2015, which some experts says the goal is over-optimistic. In order to achieve it, aggressive steps need to be taken, he said. He reminded that govt., under Obama administration has spent more than $ 2 Billion to setup domestic battery production infrastructure, and billon more invested in electric car development. US Govt and Auto makers will make sure that Plug-in vehicles will be affordable in coming years. Read more » 0 comments Tags electric car, hybrid, news Japanese automaker comes up with Mini Electric Sports Car called EV Mini Sport. Tweet It’s time for some eco-friendly auto news. Tajima Motor Corporation, Japan based auto-maker has developed a zero-emission mini sports car, calling it, EV Mini Sport. The concept of this model car was shown in early 2010, and the company says that it will ready for consumption very soon. With single charge, you can run it for 30 KMs, when powered by 40Ah lithium-ion polymer battery. The range (mileage) will differ when it will be powered by 80Ah or 120Ah battery, which company may offer with different variant (Trim). Japanese automaker comes up with Mini Electric Sports Car called EV Mini Sport. Read more » 1 comments Tags electric car, EV Mini sport, Japan, Tajima Motor Corporation BMW wants to continue the Golden Run. Tweet The Luxury auto maker BMW wants to continue its golden run of selling highest number of luxury car. The company says that it is far ahead from it's rivals, China and USA being it's largest consumer. The Munich-based company said on Monday that worldwide sales of BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce cars rose 14.2 percent to 1.67 million last year as it sold more X3 sport untility vehicles , 5 Series models and MINIs. BMW wants to continue the Golden Run. Read more » 0 comments Tags bmw, news, Rolls Royce Carmakers in India face a quandary: Diesel or petrol? - TOI Tweet Carmakers in India face a quandary: diesel or petrol? In a market where once-rampant growth has been stalled since mid-2011, demand for diesel-powered cars continues to surge, with buyers willing to wait months to take delivery because of a widening gap between prices of petrol and diesel. Even so, Maruti Suzuki and South Korea's Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS), which together sell 70 percent of the passenger cars in Asia's No. 3 economy, are reluctant to invest to make more diesel cars, even if it means losing customers. Carmakers in India face a quandary: Diesel or petrol? - TOI Read more » 0 comments Tags india, news Fords unveils 2013 Ford Fusion Hybrid versions (gas, hybrid and plug-in). Tweet To be ahead in competition, Ford Motors has redesigned its good selling car Ford Fusion. You may find some Japanese design traits in the upcoming 2013 Ford Fusion.  Now, it comes with big front grills and sharp samurai head lights. The car now has some Muscle looks too. Ford plans to offer the 2013 Fusion in three different versions, a normal gas version, a plug-in and a hybrid (gas + electric). Ford says that all the three version may be top in their class, in terms of fuel efficiency. Fords unveils 2013 Ford Fusion Hybrid versions (gas, hybrid and plug-in). Read more » 1 comments Tags 2013, 2013 ford fusion, ford, ford fusion, hybrid, sedan Best selling small cars, Citroën and Peugeot gets facelift. Tweet In order to retain its top spot, French carmaker Citroën had over hauled its best-selling car, the C1. The new features of C1, includes, improved equipment levels, LED daytime running light, new bumper and to keep it under priced, the engine is the Citroën’s first sub-100kg/km petrol engine, ensuring that the C1 is exempted from road tax and London Congestion Charge. Best selling small cars, Citroën and Peugeot gets facelift. Read more » 0 comments Tags C1, citroen, Citroen C1, City 107, peugeot, Peugeot City 107 Italian scooter manufacturer, Vespa, re-enters India after 13 long years. Tweet With ever expanding auto market, the iconic Vespa has decided to re-enter the India market with a stylish range of Vespa scooters. The Scooters were displayed at Delhi Auto Expo by its parent company, Piaggio. Italian scooter manufacturer, Vespa, re-enters India after 13 long years. Read more » 0 comments Tags piaggio, scooters, vespa 2012 Audi A7 Tweet 2012 Audi A7 is a 4-door, 4-passenger luxury sedan manufactured by Audi, A7 is based on the Volkswagen Group MLB platform, which is shared with the 2011 fourth-generation Audi A6 (C7). 2012 Audi A7 is available in 1 variants(trims) namely 3.0T Premium Sedan quattro. 2012 Audi A7 Read more » 0 comments Tags 2012, 2012 Audi A7, Audi, Audi A7, luxury, sedan 2012 Acura TL Tweet 2012 Acura TL is a 4-door, 5-passenger luxury sedan manufactured by Acura. 2012 Acura TL is available in 7 variants(trims) namely 6-Spd AT, 3.5L V6, 6-Spd AT SH-AWD, 6-Spd AT w/ Technology Pkg, 6-Spd AT w/ Advance Pkg, 6-Spd AT SH-AWD w/ Technology Pkg, 6-Spd MT SH-AWD w/ Technology, 3.7L V6, 6-Spd AT SH-AWD w/ Advance Pkg. 2012 Acura TL Read more » 0 comments Tags 2012, 2012 Acura TL, Acura, Acura TL, luxury, sedan Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Do u find the Car info useful? U Connect SUBSCRIBE + RSS Feed + SMS ALERTS + Mail me ultimate autos on Facebook + My friend Auto Blog Automobileplanet.com + My friend Auto forum(India) Blog Archive Blog Archive January (8) June (8) May (2) April (3) March (1) February (4) January (14) December (20) November (24) October (24) September (29) August (34) July (99) June (9) May (12) April (15) March (23) February (6) January (8) December (14) November (9) October (5) June (19) May (13) Total Pageviews Followers Amazon About Me GT View my complete profile DISCLAIMER: All the information provided in the blog are provided with utmost care. We don't take any responsible for any errors crept in. Refer the official content provided. The Ads in the blog, Ultimateautos.blogspot doesn't subscribe the same. Simple template. Powered by Blogger.