Angela Blanche FHG - Catch Me If You Can - Erotic Game In The Prison Cell CLICK HERE FOR MORE PREVIEW and INSTANT ACCESS HIGH QUALITY EROTIC PHOTONOVELS State Of The Art Photos With Star Photographer Vanholywell What can do a Sheriff with a young, sexy and nasty bandit (Angela Blanche)? He finds her drunk in the town and uses the occasion to arrest her. In heavy handcuffs she is escorted to the jail and the Sheriff keeps an eye on her. Keeping an eye on Angela is a dangerous job, but makes lots of fun. Angela uses her secret weapon and performs a full striptease for the sheriff. Slow and seductive she gets rid of her clothes one by one. The sheriff is more and more interested his hands are discovering the smooth skin of Angela's beautiful body. She stays very close to the metal bars so the sheriff is able to touch her long naked legs, runs his fingers on her bare back and grabs her perfect ass. He can touch the hard nipples on her naked tits and rip of her tiny string as last rag covering her gracious figure. Completely naked as she is, she wants to the back of the prison cell and performed more erotic games playing for him and presenting all hidden places of her body with legs wide open. As she exposes her shaven pussy the sheriff can no more withstand and rams into the cell. She lets him enjoy her undressed and exposed body in all aspects. Delivered to his will naked and imprisoned Angela seems to be an abused victim and she does everything he wants. However as she goes down to perform a tasty blow job the Sheriff loses control. While she loosening his belt and open his fly she puts a hand on his gun suddenly. Naked but armed she takes the keys and with a final kiss leaves the sheriff in the jail giving him a news paper for the long and lonely hours and escapes with a smile. Join Angelablanche.com by clicking above, to experience a brand new fetish world! Or visit these sites for more Angela photos: Persian Kitty Over 200,000 Free Pics More Angela Blanche Photos Copyright © StudioVision