RSS Feeds Home Bio Music Videos Gallery Store Contact Somebody That I Used To Know Apr 2nd Posted by admin in Life No comments 3D Jan 3rd Posted by admin in Life No comments Dreams Sep 16th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments Was going through some of my old blogs and found this. During this time, I about to purchase my condo in ATL and had so many doubts and worries. This is what my subconscious mind conjured up… Jun 7, 2009 DREAM READERS – INTERPRET THIS! Current mood:calm Okay, this is the dream that I had on June 7, 2009. I tried to be as thorough as I could. I promise you, this is exactly what happened – with the details and everything! I’m sure I left out a lot, but this pretty much sums it up for the most part. I was hanging out with my friend when I received a phone call from my fathers associate. The deep voice on the other end was monotone, yet, demanded a cry for help. “Angie, you’re father needs you.” There was nothing but static, and then the call dropped. Frantically, I dialed my father and I could hear his voice but there was nothing but interference. WTF??? I called back, “DAD, ARE U OKAY? JUST ANSWER ME YES OR NO!” When he finally gets a stronger signal, he tells me that he had just met a “NINTENDO GIRLFRIEND.” (Whatever that’s supposed to mean.) I then tell him that it was okay, and even though he is married to my mother, that if he is happier with his “Nintendo girlfriend,” then he has my blessing to date this newfound love of his. After I hang up with my father, I call my mom just to see if she’s okay. I invite her to Atlanta so that I could find a new suitor for her. The next day comes around and she is wearing a beautiful dress. All I can remember in this dream is that she is much taller than me – like 6 ft. (in reality, my mother IS taller than me, but only by 4 inches.) Anyway, we are walking around downtown Atlanta, and there are nothing but shady characters. I assure her that everything would be okay since I have mase. We finally make it to one of my favorite SUSHI restaurants – and once we get there, the utensils weren’t sanitary. Disgusted, we decide to leave and walk to another favorite spot of mine. While in the city, I see the new condo that I’m about to move into. They are rennovating, so there was nothing but rubble, cranes and construction workers. I ask my mother if she would like to see this new future place of mine, and she says NO! LOL! I tell her it’s an awesome find and I promised her that she wouldn’t be disappointed. Upon entering the high rise, my mother is now my younger sister…. -Weird how that happens in dreams… Anyway, my sister and I are on the bottom floors by the elevators waiting for the next lift to go to the 16th floor. On the wall was a sign that read “LIVING ART.” Upon reading this sign, we noticed that the ‘living art’ took the form of human freaks that were on display — one had no legs, the other had a weird growth that obstructed most of his face — you get the idea. I could smell the breath of the cross-eyed one with the gimpy leg. He was invading our personal space and made us very uncomfortable. They all seemed like they wanted to eat us. My sister and I ran out of the complex scared – and while we were running my sister commented, “I don’t think you should live there.” and I agreed. When we finally make it outside onto the streets, we jump in my sisters car and before we could pull off, a 2 year old gangster puts a mini gun to her head and says “BREAK YO SELF, FOO!” The 2 yr old is so small that she just pushes him out of the way. Then a 5 year old steps up to the car with his lil’ 5 year old posse, and puts a gun to her head — a slightly bigger gun and says GIMMIE THE KEYS! After that, 10 year old gangers come up with massive guns and get in the car. All they’re doing is talking shit. Then the FREAK SHOW WEIRDOS start heading towards the car — and, like in all scary movies, we run back into the building. We run up the stairs onto the top floor, and then some dude with dread-locks that resembled “THE PREDATOR” was behind us with a machine gun. We were running through condos, and closing doors behind us; and my sister ended up falling behind. She only had ONE SHOE on because one of the child gangsters stole her other shoe. It was slowing her down. She finally tied her shoe lace on the other foot and she finally caught up. I was sticking band-aids on each of the doors I closed behind me- making sure I only took off one part of the adhesive – because if I took off both adhesive backings, then we would only have 5 seconds to clear the area because the BAND-AIDS were BOMBS!!! We finally reached the last door, and the predator dude was behind us along with the freak show weirdos and the child gangsters. I finally take the adhesive backing off of both sides of the band-aids and stuck it to the last door that took us out into the wilderness. When we finally make it out into the forest, there was a huge explosion. Remains from the building were spewing out all over the place. All the people that were running out of the building were on fire – but NONE of them were human. They were screaming and melting. They were all mutants of some kind. I realized I had taken the lives of people or THINGS that didn’t deserve it. Then I woke up and called my sister and told her the whole thing. Vivid May 10th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments Check out the photos I took of my childhood friend, Ashley. Make-up & styling also by moi. Photo by Pixel Aroma, LLC. Take Me Away May 8th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments Photo by Pixel Aroma, LLC. The Greatest Mistake… Jan 18th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments “Defeat may test you; it need not stop you. If at first you don’t succeed, try another way. For every obstacle there is a solution. Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. The greatest mistake is giving up.” ~Anon A Place To Vent Jan 8th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments http://angiegillette.tumblr.com/ Hosea Jan 8th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments Hosea 4 The Charge Against Israel 1 Hear the word of the LORD, you Israelites, because the LORD has a charge to bring against you who live in the land: “There is no faithfulness, no love, no acknowledgment of God in the land. 2 There is only cursing,[a] lying and murder, stealing and adultery; they break all bounds, and bloodshed follows bloodshed. 3 Because of this the land dries up, and all who live in it waste away; the beasts of the field, the birds in the sky and the fish in the sea are swept away. 4 “But let no one bring a charge, let no one accuse another, for your people are like those who bring charges against a priest. 5 You stumble day and night, and the prophets stumble with you. So I will destroy your mother— 6 my people are destroyed from lack of knowledge. “Because you have rejected knowledge, I also reject you as my priests; because you have ignored the law of your God, I also will ignore your children. 7 The more priests there were, the more they sinned against me; they exchanged their glorious God[b] for something disgraceful. 8 They feed on the sins of my people and relish their wickedness. 9 And it will be: Like people, like priests. I will punish both of them for their ways and repay them for their deeds. 10 “They will eat but not have enough; they will engage in prostitution but not flourish, because they have deserted the LORD to give themselves 11 to prostitution; old wine and new wine take away their understanding. 12 My people consult a wooden idol, and a diviner’s rod speaks to them. A spirit of prostitution leads them astray; they are unfaithful to their God. 13 They sacrifice on the mountaintops and burn offerings on the hills, under oak, poplar and terebinth, where the shade is pleasant. Therefore your daughters turn to prostitution and your daughters-in-law to adultery. 14 “I will not punish your daughters when they turn to prostitution, nor your daughters-in-law when they commit adultery, because the men themselves consort with harlots and sacrifice with shrine prostitutes— a people without understanding will come to ruin! 15 “Though you, Israel, commit adultery, do not let Judah become guilty. “Do not go to Gilgal; do not go up to Beth Aven.[c] And do not swear, ‘As surely as the LORD lives!’ 16 The Israelites are stubborn, like a stubborn heifer. How then can the LORD pasture them like lambs in a meadow? 17 Ephraim is joined to idols; leave him alone! 18 Even when their drinks are gone, they continue their prostitution; their rulers dearly love shameful ways. 19 A whirlwind will sweep them away, and their sacrifices will bring them shame. Just Hangin’ Jan 7th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments why am i at a constant battle with myself… barely hanging on. why are these thoughts polluting my mind? is it something subliminal that has been artificially put there, or am i conjuring up this wickedness on my own? perhaps it’s hormones playing with my emotions. either way, it’s constant. i cant fathom loved ones taunted by these demons. if i knew, i would quickly try to rid them of it and question WHY? what would make them come to the conclusion on non-existence? -A.R. RED Dec 5th Posted by angieromasanta in Life No comments « Older Entries Music Here is the Music Player. You need to installl flash player to show this cool thing! Find Me Facebook My Words Myspace Pixel Aroma Media Prestigious Models Reverb Nation Twitter YouTube Twitter Awww. Throwback...with my best friends. Miss those days! http://t.co/zOMP71cj 6 hours ago Decisions, decisions... w/@infbuckets http://t.co/kz9TxPt1 7 hours ago @dashgreening true that! 9 hours ago @pslovecharlie yipeeee! When is your official site launch? 9 hours ago @pslovecharlie Thank u beeotch. Where's my song? Hehe JK. Love ya! 9 hours ago Facebook Copyright © Angie Romasanta. All Rights Reserved.