Topless photo set Taken 4 week Post Surgery | XXX stories from Ariel X   send Fan mail to: Ariel X 26910 Sierra Hwy d-8 #157 Newhall, CA. 91321     Lesbian film star and WRestling sensation, Ariel X blogs about life    Wish List clips4sale Catfight Vids Bio FAQ’s Ultimate Surrender Updates Muscle Webcam Cat fight Web Cam contact Ariel   Home » just a regular day » Topless photo set Taken 4 week Post Surgery Topless photo set Taken 4 week Post Surgery Published on November 4th, 2011 by admin in just a regular day, Uncategorized I was ballsy enough to take pictures of my boobs only 4 weeks post surgery. They haven’t completely dropped or fully softened all the way but I was so stir crazy from sitting at home all day and night and I needed to get out and feel productive. There’s not much I can say to introduce these photos.  I met a cool kid off model mayhem who offered to do a trade whoot with me and the rest is history. We went up to a park, found an abandoned building and did our magic.  The bikini was made for me by my friend who own’s Sweet Cheeks Bikini she makes awesome couture bikinis for women of all shapes and sizes so if you know anyone on the market for classy sexy suits, please find the contact page on the http://www.mysweetcheeksbikinis.com/MySweetCheeks.htm website and hit my girl up.   enjoy the photo Tags: big boobs, bikini photos, fitness models with big boobs, sweet cheeks bikini « Latest Photo shoot Spanish wrestlers 1st US match. Takes on our 2nd ranked wrestler Winner decided by only 15pts! »   363414 Comments »http%3A%2F%2Fariel-x.com%2Fblog%2F2011%2F11%2Ftopless-photo-set-taken-4-week-post-surgery%2FTopless+photo+set+Taken+4+week+Post+Surgery2011-11-04+14%3A28%3A55adminhttp%3A%2F%2Fariel-x.com%2Fblog%2F%3Fp%3D3634 363414 Responseshttp%3A%2F%2Fariel-x.com%2Fblog%2F2011%2F11%2Ftopless-photo-set-taken-4-week-post-surgery%2FTopless+photo+set+Taken+4+week+Post+Surgery2011-11-04+14%3A28%3A55adminhttp%3A%2F%2Fariel-x.com%2Fblog%2F%3Fp%3D3634 Roberto November 4, 2011 at 3:29 pm WoW….wonderful and Hot pics. Magic work on surgery ! Log in to Reply John Trotta November 5, 2011 at 5:23 am Hello Ariel, It's been a while since I contacted you…I do check your blog daily and I had to post a comment here. Your breast enhancement was tastefully done in proportion to your natural figure. You look amazing!!! It's so refreshing to see a surgery like this done were the woman didn't go crazy. Petite women usually make that mistake and it just looks fake(sorry, that's my opinion). There is more to woman's beauty then her breast size. Respectfully, you are a beautiful woman with or without this surgery. I'm glad to see you did not ruin your beauty by going extreme. Hats off to you and your surgeon for that choice. Continue to heal well and thanks for sharing your adventure. Your Fan Always, John Log in to Reply Violeta Champion November 6, 2011 at 1:35 am Did you need that? All we need is breasts? I'm sad you took this way. In your work, in your own way of wrestling, making photos and videos, I think you didn't have to become one more. Your fierce beauty turns into an ordinary porn girl. I'm following you, but I don't agree this way. It's your body and your career, but I thougth you had the intelligence and the character to write your own history. Thank you and do your best, pretty. Log in to Reply ArielX November 6, 2011 at 8:34 am I guess I'll have to suffer being the "ordinary, unintelligent" porn girl now……I suppose you don't see the hypocrisy in what you're writing. Trying to tell me I"m the one who doesn't have intelligence when you're sitting here trying to bully me. People like you go around trying to force your opinions on to others by insulting them…."Your fierce beauty turns into an ordinary porn girl."……so fake boobs take away from someone's beauty? any cosmetic enhance a women uses is her personal choice. I suppose I was "unintelligent" for ever wearing makeup to enhance my beauty as well. Cosmetic surgery doesn't make someone better but it can make them feel better about themselves. I had a kid 10 years ago and breast fed for a long time. I'm turning 32 next year and my tits aren't nearly where they use to be. I'm putting fake tits on my body to make me feel like the desease of aging isn't taking too much of my womanhood away. I suppose cancer victims also shouldn't get fake tits to after theirs have been removed. My tits were removed from a combination of age, over muscle development and child rearing, their's removed surgically to save their life. So why would a girl in either case put fake tits into their body….shame on us for loving woman hood and trying to hold on to it….I know…we ar such ordinary, unintelligent creatures right? NO…..SHAME ON YOU…shame on you for trying to force your opinion on me by insulting me while knowing nothing about me or my reasons for doing what I do. Log in to Reply ArielX November 6, 2011 at 8:41 am PS violeta, I never once said anyting to the likes of what you wrote "All we need is breasts? "…I'm not sure who YOU finish that sentence but I'm assuming you'd finish with "to be happy" and that's never anythibg I said that is something YOU fabricated which tells me that you have some chimp on your shoulder. You should really try to be more open minded, especially if your coming to a porn site like this. I wish you the best and hope to see more comments from you in the future regardless of if they agree with my choices or not Peace Log in to Reply david_1980_10 November 7, 2011 at 12:18 am Hi sweety! you look veryyyyy hot! I can't concentrate to write my words! dear Ariel, I believe that you are a charming girl with or without these new lovely breasts, in my opinion what makes you adorable is your personality, actually i'm in love with your diligent identity and your enthusiasm, also I admire your honesty. obviously it is not all of reasons that I love u, I really love your performances too, you make me crzy for example when you squirt, but as I said what makes you diffrent for me is your great personality not your nice body. I just wanted u to know this. Love u, David. Log in to Reply david_1980_10 November 7, 2011 at 12:21 am Excuse me, I have a question, when I focus on the photos it seems there is a little difference between the pair of your boobs, infact I need more photos to realize precisely! are they closely equal? Log in to Reply John Trotta November 7, 2011 at 11:43 am Ariel, Can't believe the previous cruel commentary from violeta about you recent breast enhancement. I don't think you ever asked anyone for their approval or disapproval with regard to your decision, But. If one must comment then make it a positive respectful commentary and not an ambush. You run a great "Free" site. Comments like this don't have a place here. Check yourself violeta before you criticize the way you did. Ariel, though I only know you via this site you transmit beauty and reality both inside and out. These are traits that certain people will never acquire. Sorry that some "so called" fans abuse the site this way. Your Fan Always, John Log in to Reply ArielX November 7, 2011 at 5:52 pm they are exactly the same size, one hasn't dropped as much at the other yet so one is a little higher than the other' but if you look at pre surgery pictures I also always had one breast that was higher than the other. Log in to Reply Ajit Parkash November 8, 2011 at 12:16 am I am disappointed. Fake breasts are biggest turn-off for me next to scat-porn. Log in to Reply ArielX November 8, 2011 at 8:26 am Well looks like we won\’t be hooking up any times soon because the thing that is the hugest turn off for ME is when someone who has never written to me or showen any verbal support of my work decides to finally write me only to bitch and complain. There is something so wrong in this world when the only time people say something is to express what they DONT like. It takes real balls to speak up when you DO like something. Grow some balls and find a porn girl you do like and make sure you compliment her…rather than coming up to me writing only negative bullshit. Log in to Reply Felix November 8, 2011 at 4:18 pm REDIC looking forward to seeing you dominate US with your new enhancement. Log in to Reply Neil February 8, 2012 at 11:56 pm Wow they look amazing, uh I mean u look amazing, love your work on the kink sites all these years' Log in to Reply Nathaniel February 12, 2012 at 7:26 pm Ariel, I think your new breast look perfect. You are the most beautiful woman I ever seen. I really enjoy all your work. You are the best female wrestler I ever seen. I think your very smart and number one sexiest body from head to toe. I wish I could be your boy friend. I hope you have a fantastic year. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must belogged in *** Kink sites Behind Kink Bound Gods Butt Machine Boys Devince Bondage Everything Butt Free Hardcore Fucking Machines Hog Tied Kink on Demand Naked Combat Pissing princess Donna's Blog Public Disgrace Real Fucking Couples Sex and Submission shoots with Chanta Rose TS Seductions Ultimate Surrender Water Bondage Whipped Ass Wired Pussy Friends Bondage Orgasm Catfight League Match #1 Cumbots fucking dungeon Movies Starring Ariel X perfect slave Pornstar Photos Session Match smoothered slave society SM Strict Restraints web blogroll Kink Wrestling Blog My amazon wish list Amazon.com Widgets femjoy gallery of the day Link Exchange PORNSTAR PHOTOS More Add link Recent Haps Happy April Fools Role Models vs Troll Models Thank you for the animal hood Thank you for the Victoria Secret Gift Card Thank you for the Sexy Wing Bikini WeBringIt © Copyright © 2011 www.Ariel-x.com. All rights reserved. 2257 compliance Bio FAQ’s Link Exchange