Girls Galleries: Amie Alexia Girls Galleries Women should be Heard Women are best Heard and seen. Learn more about all these lovely young models. They work in many defferent fields of the entertainment industry. Some of our young lovely ladies work as "promotion models". Some are print ad models and others are video models, tv models and some work in all of the many defferent areas of the modeling world. Many of these women are working while attending college, some have made this thier career. But all have minds, hearts and a soul. Read more about them below and please Get to know them. Get FREE Credit Help Call Now: 877-657-9553 Lexington Law Amie Alexia Amie Alexia Female 24 years old Toronto, Ontario, Canada About me ADD ME TO YOUR FACEBOOK AT AMIE ALEXIA Check me out in the latest Complex Magazine issue. On new stands now! www.complex.com IF I have sent you a friend request, it is because you were on my previous mm account #56435. I have created a new account which I will be using from now on. Fun and down to earth model willing to collaborate with photographers who have unique vision in their photography. Photographers wishing to shoot and work with me must provide me with links to your portfolio and any refferalls you might have, as well as information about the type of shoot/pay/structure/location/ where the images will be displays etc. I am currently seeking paid assignments and selective TFP shoots. More Girls Galleries Pic's Amie Alexia Model Pic 1 Amie Alexia model pic 2 Amie Alexia model pic 3 I am willing to shoot with other female/male models. However, there should be no nudity. Please do not ask if I do nudes, I am not interested. I AM WILLING TO TRAVEL AS LONG AS ALL TRAVEL EXPENSES + ACCOMADATIONS ARE COVERED. Thank you for reading. Sincerely, Amie CreditsActing: The Love Guru - background featuring Mike Myers Repossession Mambo - Speaking Role with Jude Law Sweet Karma - dancer Comedy Network - Southpark commercial Global Weekly tv episode "DA KINK IN MY HAIR" http://www.modelmayhem.com/512155 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Labels: alicia whitten, girl gallery, girls galleries, pamela rodriguez Newer Post Home Young Models Elena Churikova Brandie Moses Natalia Marie glamour model Kat Riel Ashley Tisdale Erika Medina Jessica Renee Elizabeth Christine Shanna Corrina Miranda Martinez - young model Amie Alexia Paid Promotion Model Make Money by promotiing paid promotion models and more?? I created this blog to make money online - after all - who doesn't like to look at beautiful Hot women and more girls. The web is full of people who want to see hot single women and the internet is not the only business to use "Promotion Models" to make money online by promoting products by showcasing hot ladies. So off I went to create this website - then I realized that making money was not only what I wanted. This blog became a hobby, then an obsession with Hot latinas and more girls. Sure, every one likes to look at hot latina ladies [ women ] but we also want to know them. So it’s not all about sex, or making money online. But The pleasure of knowing about the women. Yes of course I hope I can make money with this girls galleries blog. I hope people send me photos and bio’s on beautiful women they know. But I guess as long as I’m having fun with the Blog - making money online wont be so bad. Lets see how much I make. I promise to keep a running tab on how much money I make on this site. As of jan 2011 I've had this blog [to make money online blog] about 1 months - I have made some money online. I would say I have made about $100 dollars - I really didn't keep good track of the money made online [have to do better] focusing to much on blog... But in either case the blog is making money and I like that. In general this is an experiment - to see if we can make money online - the stats say over 700,000 people work and make money online - ofcourse I want to see how much actual money can be made just using third party ads - ofcourse the best known company is google's adsense system. They say making money online is easy - so far I don't find it such a cake walk. The goal is to make money online by promoting these lovely ladies. That's right - making money online is the goal. Though I've been cuaght up with building the site - I have not forgotten that I build this website to "make money online". Blog Archive ▼  2011 (38) ►  May (4) Genevieve Chanelle - lovely lady Erika Hernandez - lovely latin Heather Honey - real girl model Martina Warren - Model ►  April (22) Kymberle Kourtney Elizabeth Niki Delano Dani Bae Jessica is Amazing Vida Guerra - hot ladies Jennifer Nicole Lee - super fitness model Jessica Renee - young model Jacqueline Suzanne - hot glamour girl Christie Lopez Danica Parker - real girls Esther Hanuka - hot young model Stevie Lynn Leow - hot young model Jasmin - hot hot girl Corrin Van Der Veer - real hot young model Noelle Lyn - hot young model Nina Kay - hot young model Nikita Esco - young model Nhi Kim Do - hot asian model Monique Young - hot model Kamai Lei - hot young model Tara Babcock - young models ▼  March (12) Valerie Cormier - young model Marzia Prince Stephanie Ly Natalia Marie glamour model Kat Riel Kamai Lei Erika Medina Jessica Renee Elizabeth Christine Shanna Corrina Miranda Martinez - young model Amie Alexia Third Party Advertising This site was created with the goal to make money from third party advertising. In order to make money online and follow all guidlines - we have to post the following make money online info: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads in order to make money online when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you [ in order for them to make money ]. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. I would like to thank you in advance for helping us in our money making online venture. I am sure you love looking at the lovely pictures & celebrity bio’s - as we love the opportunity to make money online with this blog. Again - we make money with our blog thru our sponsors - so please feel free to check out anything you may find of interest to you. You are not obligated to visit any site - and we want to make money online the honest way - we want to earn our money. Thank you. Pages Privacy Policy Template images by luoman. Powered by Blogger.