Aubrey Lee Interview ATK Lounge Main Menu Main Forums Articles FAQ Join Now Aubrey Lee Interview Monday, 21 February 2011 20:57     In our latest ATK Lounge interview we had the pleasure to sit down and chat with the beautiful Aubrey Lee from ATK Galleria and ATK Natural and Hairy. Although this adorable Kenosha, Wisconsin teen coed looks sweet and innocent she also has a fun, wild and naughty side which we definitely get a sense of in this fun and fascinating interview with this sexy newcomer. ATK Ray: Thanks so much for doing this Aubrey! Really appreciate it! You're doing really well on the sites .  So I'm glad we have this opportunity to share more about you to our members and your fans. So how did you get started in the industry? See more porn videos and sex videos at Freeones.com Aubrey Lee: (Laughs) To tell you the truth I googled it...I googled adult jobs and came across sexy jobs.com where a agent started me off in Flordia. I wanted to do some more nude modeling and realized I was very comfortable being naked on camera and I also wanted a little challenge for myself. Me and Ivy Winters worked with the same photographer back home (in Wisconsin) and she found out my contact through him and called me and asked if I would be interested in working with her and her agency AMA worldwide... of course I said yes! ATK Ray: Ivy Winters is great! She's featured in ATK Galleria and also is an ATK Premium model !  Luv her! So I really like your stage name! How did you come up with it? Aubrey Lee: I have no idea... Spirit Lynn was going to be my name...But I thought that was probably too much of a stripper sounding name. (Laughs)  Aubrey Lee just kinda popped into my head at the last minute. (Smiles)     ATK Ray: I like it alot! It really matches your look and style. You mentioned earlier that you were interested in nude modeling..what was it about nude modeling that interested you? Did you always consider yourself to be highly sexual? Aubrey Lee: It is something that's not very common at all back home ...and that appealed to me!  Being unique! (smiles) Plus I love being naked... so I was bound to make my mark in the industry. (Laughs) The truth is ...I get turned on knowing other people are getting off looking at me. ATK Ray: Sexy! What appealed to you the most about the industry? The modeling aspect or the performance aspect? Aubrey Lee: Definitely the performance aspect. I love to turn others on and make them feel good through performance.       ATK Ray: Are you bi-sexual in your personal life? Aubrey Lee: (laughs hard) HELL YEAH! I started dating girls before I ever thought about a man's penis! (Laughs) ATK Ray: HOT! So tell me about your shoots with Amateur Teen Kingdom? Anything stand out in your memories? Aubrey Lee: I loved working with ATKingdom!! The photographers were so fun and laid back it was more of a good time than work! Definitetly my favorite company to work with! I still keep in contact with everyone I met there and I'm looking at ATK Galleria right now and I see they did a great job!! ATK Ray: That's great! Glad you enjoyed your experience with us. How long do you plan on performing in the industry? Anything you'd like to accomplish before you retire? Aubrey Lee: No...nothing really... I'm not here (in the industry) for competition or money. Truthfully... I'm just here for the fun of it! Porn is something I have always wanted to do since I was younger and when I just started thinking about boobs and sexuality.  (Smiles)     ATK Ray: That's a great attitude to have... sometimes performers get caught up in the drama and pressures of the industry and forget to have fun. Are you currently in a relationship? How do you two handle the presures and demands of your job if you are? Aubrey Lee: Umm... I just got out of a relationship. (Frowns) It wasn't the industry that broke us up though. My ex understood that porn was something I always wanted to do and that I was going to do it no matter what... plus he liked looking at my pictures and videos afterwards. I just always made sure he knew that I loved him. ATK Ray: So what do you like to do in your free time away from the industry? What are some of the things you like to do which you feel say alot about you? Aubrey Lee: It depends on the day (laughs).... I enjoy being outdoors. Doing things like hiking. When I am at home I am a free babysitter for every one who cant afford to pay a daycare fee because I love spending time with kids. But on the weekends I like to party and get naked. But then when that's over I'm  back to an innocent girl by Monday.   ATK Ray: (laughs) So...What's the wildest thing you ever done sexually? Aubrey Lee: (Laughs) There is so much! Umm... 2 months ago on my flight back home... I let the guy sitting next to me on the plane finger me... it was dark no one could see (smiles) ATK Ray: (Laughs) Wow...that's pretty wild.  Was he a complete stranger? Aubrey Lee: Yeah... but he was a cute Marine boy... what can I say...chicks dig a man in a uniform. (Laughs) I still keep in touch with him. (smiles) ATK Ray: Wow.. naughty... and sooo hot! (laughs) Are there things you do in your personal life that you don't do on camera? or vice versa? Aubrey Lee: Umm (laughs) Not really what you see with me on camera is how I am l100% of the time. I dont do the sex acting thing... I prefer to be real so everything I do on camera is stuff I am comfortable with in my personal life.     ATK Ray: Anything you'd like to try on camera that you haven't done yet? Aubrey Lee: Umm..I haven't had a chick orgy yet! Ugh... I cant believe it! ATK Ray: As a final question...what's something surprising about you that your fans wouldn't know about you? Aubrey Lee: I am an amazing artist... I can really draw well... so with the money I earn doing porn  I would like to open a tattoo shop one day!       ATK Ray: Well Thanks again Aubrey for spending some time with us and for sharing a little about yourself with your fans and the members of ATKingdom. Aubrey Lee: Thanks Ray!     Fans of Aubrey Lee can follow her on Twitter at http://twitter.com/aubreyleexxx and can also friend her on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001706894332 ATKingdom is also on Twitter at https://twitter.com/ATKingdom We also have a revealing YouTube channel with fun interviews and revealing behind the scenes footage at http://www.youtube.com/atkingdomtube       Aubrey Lee currently has 14 sexy exclusive photosets in ATK Galleria with MORE coming to the site in the following weeks!!! If that wasn’t enough we also have 2 sexy hardcore videos of Aubrey on ATK Galleria !  But if your looking for Aubrey with an unshaved look she's also in ATK Natural and Hairy where she has  13 exclusive photosets and two more hardcore videos. Don’t miss out on all the sexy content we have of the alluring Join ATK Galleria OR ATK Natural and Hairy today for the low price of $29.99 a month!         Special offer from the ATKingdom Network!   Set as favorite Bookmark Email this Hits: 4194 Trackback(0) TrackBack URI for this entry Comments (0) Subscribe to this comment's feed Write comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account yet. Last Updated on Tuesday, 22 February 2011 09:04   Cam Show Poll one Hairy Ideal Cam Show Time(PST) 11AM 12PM 1PM 2PM 3PM 4PM 5PM 6PM 7PM   Cam Show Poll two Galleria/Premium/Petites/Exotics Ideal Cam Show Time 11AM 12PM 1PM 2PM 3PM 4PM 5PM 6PM 7PM   Cam Show Day Ideal Day of Week for CamShow Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday   Copyright © 2012 Kingdom WWW Operations, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement