:: Aziani :: Aziani.com your source for the most beautiful women in America bookmark | support | webmasters Aziani Models View 's Videos About Vital Stats Age:   Height:   Measurements:   Astrological Sign:   Marital Status:   Favorite Position:   Fun Fact:   Babe Tiffany Brookes in (and out of) her Aziani undies - nice! Not just for panty lovers, today's set of Tiffany is a scorcher. I just love a pair of sexy jeans don't you!? I love they way they fit, nice and tight and very low and of course you have to love the shirt!!! But check out all the pics and let me know if you like me better with my jeans on or off? Nicole strips naked on the roof top to enjoy some California sun. Out comes the bottle of lube which she nearly empties over her increasingly wet pussy. Lubed up and kissed by the sun, Nicole can't wait to being masturbating (see video)... Orsi in all her naked glory spread out on the zebra patterned bed sheets. We're really excited to get to watch this hottie. She doesn't mind us coming up close either... Nicole likes to flash her fellow college mates and professors so we figured why not give us a demonstration of her kinky fetish. Not a problem for Nicole, a girl used to pussy flashing entire dorm rooms has no issues lifting up her skirt for us... Great smile, sexy legs, great body, stunning face - Orsi has got it all. This is her first set and after some introduction she finally strips out of that dress and gives us some of the hottest visuals imaginable. What a babe! Be it on the stove or on the wood floor, Nicole is comfortable as long as she's naked. She is quite the tease and knows what we want to see, doesn't she? It's quite fitting to watch Nicole in a school girl outfit. She is still a freshman in college after all. Well, actually she dropped out a few months after shooting for us - she really found getting naked on camera more appealing than studying all day. Renata wanted to do a workout set where she'd get all sweaty while pushing the weights. But a short attention span and serious desire for playing put an end to that. Five minutes after sitting down on the weight bench Renata decided she'd rather get naked and naughty. Hey, we take it! Us: "Nicole, you naughty girl! Didn't your mom tell you that smoking is bad and nasty?" Nicole: "Yep, that's why I do it". Nicole, you rule girl. Now be a naughty girl, finish your smoke and get naked for us. Thank you. Both the video and still cameras are busy shooting the sexy Rita stripping and masturbating on the couch. Wearing nothing but her sexy stilettos and matching necklace, Rita leans back and spreads her legs, giving us upclose views of her pussy and everything she's doing to it... Silvia nekkid and pure. After some posing she can't help but tease her pussy a little bit. One finger, then two...Silvia can't wait and begins to masturbate right away in what was supposed to be just a posing set. Well, we won't complain... Our all-natural blonde honey spreads nicely to allow us close-up enjoyment of her most private parts. She's a naughty one and truly enjoys the attention she gets. We wonder how many of her friends at college are masturbating to her pictures right now? Now that's hot: Rita swings her long legs in the air to allow a better view of her masturbating. She enjoys being watched and shows us her spent holes afterwards...Hmmmm There we go - the ass spread! Renate is now totally into shooting and she's asking us to shoot her ass and pussy as close up as possible. She's really a naughty one, isn't she?... The rocking motion of Rita on the swing give us some very naughty thoughts and we're delighted to see her take off that bikini and get comfy on the lawn after a while. She's a tease and she knows it. But she does deliver the goods and allows us closeups of her most private parts after we told her we couldn't stand that teasing any longer. Rita and her girlfriend Barbi are two dirty girls and there comes a time for dirty girls to get clean. The shower is running and Rita is about to wash away her naughtiness...but wouldn't you know it, Barbi has entered the shower and just won't let our girl get clean. Instead, pussy licking is in order and we can't help but watch and enjoy... Renata lets her hair down - literally. She is getting visibly more comfortable and naughty (she is preparing for her first lesbian video in a few minutes). She starts spreading and posing much more provocatively and we're excited to see that. Yep, Renata's gonna be a winner! Alright, the toy comes out! And she is masturbating in front of her apartment in LA as it were. Nope, Nicole isn't the shy type once she gets warmed up a bit. Neighbors are staring? Bring it on! Co-ed Silvia is feeling playful. She is getting ready to enjoy her girlfriend Monica's pussy in a few minutes and she's getting warmed up for it. A few high-resolution pictures of Silvia's perfect body (close-ups. Oh my!...) certainly get us ready and we can't wait for Monica and Silvia to get down to business. And those girls do mean business - watch the video! A little more flashing is in order. Nicole takes off her bikini parts and presents herself to Los Angeles on the roof top. What doesn't this girl do for kicks? Rita's warm-up set. Well, if Rita doesn't get warmed up here, we certainly are. She is gorgeous and oozes with sex appeal. Rita is ready to rock...err, masturbate and we can't wait! Renata wanted to this shoot to be a video, an artsy one at that. Wish granted. These are the first pictures before she decided she wanted to really masturbate, but with the movie camera rolling. Well okay then... WOW can this girl suck and fuck! She sure knows how to make herself feel good with this cock like dildo! She also knows how to make US feel good! Ricki...she sure looks good in anything with her model like figure. She makes a t shirt and jeans shorts look HOT! Ricki...she sure looks good in anything with her model like figure. She makes a t shirt and jeans shorts look HOT! First hardcore set EVER with Ricki and her man! She does it all...suck and fuck! Ends up with a cum shot in her mouth. Don't want to miss this one. Ricki is one of a kind....she always knows the right things to do! She is looking so yummy in her bra and panties....after slowly taking them off, she masturbates with her fingers only. Barbi masturbates outdoors on the lawn. Fueled knowing that the neighbors could peek over the fence any second, Barbi masturbates into a frenzy and licks off her juices from her toy when she is done. Barbi loves getting naughty outside. She starts off in her bikini and ends up masturbating on her lawn! Barbi is back again...but this time she is not alone! Her and her friend undress each other and have some lesbian fun! Barbi gets nice and comfortable in front of the camera! She slowly takes off her matching bra and panty set while touching every inch of her hot body! Of course she tops it off by masturbating for us all to see!!! Barbi gets naked and naughty outside in her yard. She slowly strips down and fingers her excited wet pussy! Aziani Models View 's Videos home | models | videos | photos | updates | members | join now | favorite links | mobile version about us | blog | store | links | myspace | twitter | facebook | support | vod webmasters Copyright Aziani.com. All rights reserved. Any Violation of Copyright will be pursued to the fullest extent of the law. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement Rachel Aziani | Aziani Xposed | Club 24 Main Street | Heather Summers | Tyler Faith | Angie Savage Nikki Nova | Lexxi Tyler | Mary Carey | Priya Anjali Rai | Amber Lynn Bach | Dakota Rae Patrick | Racquel Devonshire