Angel Rain Pornstar, Official Website How we keep minors from viewing our sites: This entire domain, and all of its content, has a voluntary content rating. We have labeled our site with all the following labeling services: icra.org, rsac.org, and safesurf.com. In addition our labeling is compatible with the free, built in, content filtering function of internet explorer. Here is an explanation on how to enable it on your browser. We are also a founding member of Safelabeling.org. Safelabeling.org is a strong movement that is getting the adult content community to label themselves. In addition Safelabeling.org is working with the commercial content filtering companies and the major browsers to create a reliable and efficient way to keep minors off adult orientated sites. In addtion, parents can download a fully functional completely FREE parental tool bar here. This website contains information, links, images and videos of sexually explicit material. If you are under the age of 21, if such material offends you or if it's illegal to view such material in your community please do not continue. Please read and comply with the following conditions before you continue: 1. I am at least 21 years of age. 2. The sexually explicit material I am viewing is for my own personal use and I will not expose minors to the material. 3. I desire to receive/view sexually explicit material. 4. I believe that as an adult it is my inalienable right to receive/view sexually explicit material. 5. I believe that sexual acts between consenting adults are neither offensive nor obscene. 6. The viewing, reading and downloading of sexually explicit materials does not violate the standards of my community, town, city, state or country. 7. I am solely responsible for any false disclosures or legal ramifications of viewing, reading or downloading any material in this site. Furthermore this website nor its affiliates will be held responsible for any legal ramifications arising from fraudulent entry into or use of this website. 8. I agree that by entering this website, I am subjecting myself and any business entity of which I have any legal or equitable interest to the personal jurisdiction of the State of Florida should any dispute arise at any time between this website and myself and/or such business entity. 9. This warning page constitutes a legal agreement between this website and you and/or any business in which you have any legal or equitable interest. If any portion of this agreement is deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction it shall not affect the enforceability of the other portions of the agreement. 10. All performers on this site are over the age of 18, have consented being photographed and/or filmed, have signed model release and provided proof of age, believe it is their right to engage in consensual sexual acts for the entertainment and education of other adults and believe it is your right as an adult to watch them doing what adults do. 11. The videos and images in this site are intended to be used by responsible adults as sexual aids, to provide sexual education and to provide sexual entertainment. 12. All performers are given the opportunity to be tested for sexually transmitted diseases at no charge to themselves within a reasonable amount of time before their performance. All activity is arranged and discussed in advance of filming and every effort is made to insure the health and safety of the performers and to ensure that their performance is a pleasant and enjoyable experience. 13. So, without too much further ado, if you've read and fully understand the above agreement, and you affirm and swear that viewing/downloading/receiving sexually explicit materials does not violate the standards of your community, that you won't make any of the materials available to minors in any form, that you believe it is your constitutional right to view these materials, that you are wholly liable for any legal ramifications that may arise for your receiving or viewing of these materials and that you are over the age of 21... I AGREE ENTER HERE I DISAGREE EXIT HERE