Angela Blanche Angela Blanche Model blog from an erotic photomodel Ask Archive Random RSS Search 26th Apr 2012 I Make Photographers Happy We agreed with the photographer, that we are going to make an indoor POV shooting on the coming weekend, when the weather is sunny. We need sunny weather by the indoor shootings too, because my photographer likes to work only with natural light out of the studio. You surely know what a POV shooting means. Point of view means that the photographer makes pictures from his perspective and interacts with the model during the shooting. Practically holds the camera with one hand and takes off my clothes or even pets with my body with the other hand. My photographer is really not shy on this shooting and his hand discovers me everywhere during POV shootings. I think he is already waiting for this weekend… I will take care that you can see everything. 23rd Apr 2012 Very sexy Winry Rockbell cosplay from the Fullmetal Alchemist manga animation. We made this set for CosplayErotica and I think this was one of my most erotic performances. The video was especially hot. 20th Apr 2012 Special Eyeglasses We was looking for some very special eyeglasses yesterday together with the whole Angela Blanche team. It is not the first time we are doing it. This will be one of the accessories for a new series of photo sets and first of all videos. I can promise this will be more than exciting and will cover a popular but complicated fetish. (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 18th Apr 2012 | 1 note I would never hurt an animal (spiders maybe…grrr), so I guess this would make me a useless hunter:) But I love weapons! The bigger, the better… We made the following set on a raised blind not far away from a car racing event. Two choppers were continuously above us so I guess they were watching me in the less exciting moments of the racing. Every man’s dream cars and naked chicks. I really delivered it on this day. Most of the time I was more or less completely naked. I enjoyed it. I hope you can feel it on the following short preview. For the whole set visit AngelaBlanche.com. (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 15th Apr 2012 What To Shoot On This Location? I’m just wondering for what this location would be the best? I was having a walk on a sunny day and saw this place. I asked a guy to make some pictures with my camera about me in the location to see how it looks like on photos. I think it will be very interesting. You can imagine the guy did not want to stop making picture of me, but I was a good girl, did not take off any clothes. (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 11th Apr 2012 VOTE FOR ME HERE If you like my photos I would appreciate your support on the FreeOnes model contest. Please visit this link and vote for me: http://miss.freeones.com/contestlist.html You can give your vote for me in three categories - Miss FreeOnes - Best Euro Babe - Best Adult Model You can vote every day in each categories. Thank you! (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 8th Apr 2012 Nasty Photographer CosplayErotica photographer presents here the pose on a girl-girl shooting waht he has in his mind. Mea Lee had to act as he does, I will try and get the photo with Mea too. Nasty, isn’t it? To be honest we are working with Zack since a couple of years as well as with Mea, so this is not so bad. We always have very relaxed and funny shootings. (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 6th Apr 2012 Happy Easter! I wish you all HAPPY EASTER! (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 5th Apr 2012 Catched Again I was just walking on the beach as I was catching again by a camera of one of my friends. I think I was checking if my really short clothes are clean and this was enough to show some ass. I hope you will enjoy this paparazzi like photo… (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 2nd Apr 2012 Two heavy fighters met finally in the Pepita Studio:  Street fighters Chun Li and Cammy in one set.  Angela Blanche and Mea Lee met the first time in person. I was really hot to know Mea better and so was she too. There was no fight but a hot lesbian game.  The costumes were quickly removed and I enjoyed the gorgeous body of Mea Lee.  (Source: AngelaBlanche.com) 1 2 3 4 5 Older The Minimalist Theme designed by The Minimalist | Powered by Tumblr