:::Absolute Bikini.com - models,fitness,fashion,contests::: Home | Models | Fashion | Contests | History | Fitness | Stores | Calendars | Links Directory | Photograhers  Bookmark this site here! FREEONES - the ultimate Supermodels - Celebs - link site-Click Here Find A Partner - Free Membership Click below Over 10 Million People Just Like You To Choose From! Join Adult Friend Finder Click Here Freeones Supermodel Links TOP Referrer ClickHere Click Here ABSOLUTELY FREE XXX PICS! Ashlie Rhey Bio Ashlie Rhey is most well know for her work with Playboy and her many starring movie, television and video roles. Her career began in fashion modeling. Ashlie actually got her first acting role through her modeling agent, she played the part of a 1950's movie starlet with Eddie Burns of "77 Sunset Strip" in a commercial, this role was a clear indication of where she would go in the future. Modeling took her to Europe where she appeared in fashion shows, catalogs, magazines, commercials, and advertisements. Upon returning to Hollywood she decided to pursue work as an actress. Her first theatrical agent recieved a call from Playboy looking for models for their News-stand specials, (Girls of Summer, Book of Lingerie, Book of Nudes...). They booked her for a photo shoot with more to follow; Ashlie has appeared in seven News-stand specials. She also appeared in a pictorial for Playboy Australia. During her studies for acting, she supplemented her income as a hand and leg/foot model and body double. She poked the Pillsbury Doughboy, and was the hands of supermodels; Rachel Hunter, Nikki Taylor and others in their commercials for Cover Girl, and Revlon etc. Kelly Lynch, Lara Flynn Boyle, Sara Jessica Parker and Valerie Golina are a few of the actresses she body doubled for in their movie posters and video box covers. She began auditioning and was cast in some small roles and then landed her first starring role in the very independent horror film "The Summoned". Her next break came when she was cast as the star of "Bikini Drive In". She sub sequentially co-starred in the sequel "Bikini Ho Down". Ashlie starred in many various Playboy productions, lots of other films, videos, and cable television programs you have seen on, Cinemax, The Movie Channel, USA, Showtime and The Playboy Channel. She performed as part of an ensemble skit at the Comedy Store, and as a nudist-zombie in the stage production of the comedy musical "Nudist Colony Of The Dead". These comedy roles developed her taste for more and she landed the role of Tye Dye, a girl raised by hippies who dreams of being a movie star in the comedy "Babe Watch; Forbidden Parody". Playboy asked her to appear as one of their "Rising Stars and Starlets" in their video by the same name which included Julie Strain, Monique Parent, Lisa Boyle, Shauna O'Brien and more. In this video she played herself as a movie star, and that brings this story back to the beginning... from being cast as a starlet in a commercial to being a star herself. Currently Ashlie has developed her own online presence at www.ashlierhey.net where she plans to become a star again... this time on the web! View My Website Here Allphotos Copyright© Ashlie Rhey Click Here ABSOLUTELY FREE XXX PICS! Link to Absolute Bikini here Models | Fashion | Contests | History | Fitness | Stores | Calendars | Home | Links Directory | Photograhers | Link Here Want other sites, then search www.yahoo.com for quality content. Contact: Sara Grant at Sara@absolute-bikini.com, © Absolute-Bikini.com, 2001.