Marijuana Seeds

This site is all about marijuana seeds and marijuana growing, choosing the right cannabis seeds strain for personal gardening skills, grow location, climate and high preferences. Learn about getting free marijuana seeds or how to buy marijuana seeds at good trusthworthy and discreet online shop. Enjoy great free collection of over 97 marijuana growing guides, essential safety tips for growing marijuana, growing equipment recommendations, marijuana seeds strain reviews with high/stone reports and cultivation comments growers shared over the years.

Marijuana. For some of you, my friends, it's a dangerous drug, for some a way to have fun and relax, for some a cure to ease the pain, for some(like me) a help to get open and united, to start feeling and stop thinking. Whether you treat marijuana as a kid eating a sweet for a moment of pleasure, or you are looking for much deeper cannabis experience for your soul, welcome! It's an amazing feeling to grow a beautiful cannabis plant, smoke a homegrown marijuana joint with friends and enjoy the moment here and now!

Peace and happy growing
Matt
Marijuana Seeds Advisor

Find Your strain with Marijuana Seeds Online Advisor - step by step procedure to choose best seeds for You. Sativa, Indica or a hybrid ? Growing marijuana indoors, outdoors, or hydroponics ? Production or the connoisseur ? Large plants or in a "Sea Of Green" ? To answer these questions and to find the marijuana seeds strain that's right for you, read this section and suck the knowledge! Great marijuana pictures.

    Marijuana Seeds Strain Advisor
        Buy Marijuana Seeds Guide (how to choose a strain for your needs, sativa/indica high, indoor/outdoor decision, height importance, potency vs yields, flowering times, high vs stoned)
        Free cannabis seeds
        Medical marijuana seeds
        How and where to order cannabis seeds
        HIGH effect marijuana strains descriptions
        Outdoor Marijuana Seeds Selection Map
    Strains Popularity List (updated monthly)
    Top Three Sativa Cannabis Seeds
        Bob Marley Sativa Marijuana Seeds
        Super Silver Haze Marijuana Seeds
        Durban Poison Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three Indica Cannabis Seeds
        Master Kush Marijuana Seeds
        Northern Light Marijuana Seeds
        Hawaii Skunk Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three Hybrid (Sativa/Indica) Cannabis Seeds
        Purple Power Marijuana Seeds
        Skunk Special Marijuana Seeds
        Northern Light x Big Bud Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three Indoor Marijuana Seeds
        White Widow Marijuana Seeds
        Caramelicious Marijuana Seeds
        Ganja Dwarf (Lowrider/Lowryder) Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three Outdoor Marijuana Seeds
        Big Bud Marijuana Seeds
        Super Silver Haze Marijuana Seeds
        Shiva Shanti Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three Indoor/Outdoor Marijuana Seeds
        Amsterdam Indica Marijuana Seeds
        Crystal Rain Marijuana Seeds
        Maroc x Skunk Special Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three THC Potency Cannabis Seeds
        White Widow Marijuana Seeds
        Crystal Rain Marijuana Seeds
        Ganesha's Dream Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three High Yield Marijuana Seeds
        Californian Skunk Marijuana Seeds
        Dutch Dope Marijuana Seeds
        Pride of Amsterdam Marijuana Seeds
    Top Three Shortest Flowering Period Marijuana Seeds
        Early Misty Marijuana Seeds
        First Girl Marijuana Seeds
        Easy Rider Marijuana Seeds
    Marijuana Seeds Strains Categories
        Marijuana Seeds for Indoors
        Outdoor Marijuana Seeds
        Greenhouse Marijuana Seeds
        White Marijuana Strains Seeds
        Medical Marijuana Seeds Strains
    New Strains List
        Afghani Marijuana Seeds
        Afghani Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Aussie Blues Marijuana Seeds
        Azura Marijuana Seeds
        Bianca Marijuana Seeds
        Big Black Indica Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Big Bud x White Widow Marijuana Seeds
        Big Widow Marijuana Seeds
        Bob Marley Sativa Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Bonita Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        California Dream Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Cannaphrodisiac Marijuana Seeds
        Cannaphrodisiac - Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Charas Marijuana Seeds
        Cheese Marijuana Seeds
        Cheese Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Citral Marijuana Seeds
        Crystal Rain Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Cyclone Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Durban Poison Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Ganja Dwarf (Lowrider/Lowryder) Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Green Midget Feminized Auto-flowering Marijuana Seeds
        Happy outdoor mix Marijuana Seeds
        Haze Marijuana Seeds
        Haze Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Hindu Kush Marijuana Seeds
        Ice-o-lator Special Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Indoor Mix (Feminized) Marijuana Seeds
        JamaiCanna Marijuana Seeds
        Le fruit Defendu Marijuana Seeds
        Le Fruit Defendu Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Lemon Ice Marijuana Seeds
        Light of Jah Marijuana Seeds
        Light of Jah feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Light of Jah Feminized Auto-flowering Marijuana Seeds
        Master Kush Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Master Kush x Northern Light Marijuana Seeds
        Medijuana Marijuana Seeds
        Misty Marijuana Seeds
        New York City Diesel Marijuana Seeds
        New York City Diesel Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Northern Light Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Cristal a.k.a. Paraiso Verde Marijuana Seeds
        Skunk Red Hair Marijuana Seeds
        Space Bubble Marijuana Seeds
        Space Bubble Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Strawberry Ice Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Super Nova Marijuana Seeds
        Super Nova Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Super Silver Haze Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Super Skunk Marijuana Seeds
        Tatanka Marijuana Seeds
        Thai x Skunk Marijuana Seeds
        Top Weazel Marijuana Seeds
        TropiCanna Marijuana Seeds
        Waikiki Queen Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        White Buffalo Tatanka Marijuana Seeds
        White Ice Marijuana Seeds
        White Ice Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        White Queen Marijuana Seeds
        White Queen Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        White Sensation Marijuana Seeds
        White Skunk Marijuana Seeds
        White Widow Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Cannaphrodisiac a.k.a. White Wolf Feminized Marijuana Seeds
        Yoruba Nigeria Marijuana Seeds
        420 Blues Marijuana Seeds
        420 Blues Feminized Marijuana Seeds
    Cannabis Seeds Advanced Topics
        Cannabis Seeds Genetics and Breeding
        Quality of Marijuana Seeds
        Marijuana Seeds Gallery
        Marijuana Seeds vs Clones
        Grow From Marijuana Seeds Or Clones?
        Marijuana Seeds Storing
        How much cannabis will my marijuana seeds yield?
        Cannabis Genetics Origins
        Marijuana Seeds Laws
        Breed Marijuana Seeds
        Cannabis Seeds Strains Evolution
        Cannabis Cup Seeds Winners
         
        History of Kush
        What Are The Best Kush Marijuana Seeds
        History of Williams Wonder Marijuana Seeds
        History Of G-13 Marijuana Seeds
        Skunk Marijuana Seeds Explained
        What Are BC Bud Marijuana Seeds
        Auto-flowering Light of Jah Feminized Marijuana Seeds
         
        Afghani vs Northern Lights Marijuana Seeds
        White Widow vs Blueberry Marijuana Seeds
        Marijuana Seeds Debate: Durban Poison vs Super Silver Haze
        Marijuana Seeds Debate: Shiva Shanti vs Cheese
        Marijuana Seeds Debate: New vs Old Marijuana Strains
        Ganja Dwarf vs Lowryder Marijuana Seeds

Marijuana Seeds Advisor

We tried to collect as many growguides as possible. Why? Because they are personal and group experiences of pros and amateurs. They give us perspective and details. What is impossible to find in one guide, there is in another. Compare, build the knowledge, adjust it to Your personal needs and GROW. Describe what you think is important in your experiences and SHARE. We all need to learn from each others successes and mistakes.
Marijuana Growing Contents:

    General Info
    A-Z Full&Fat Growguides
    Big Marijuana GrowFAQ
    Indoor cultivation
    Outdoor cultivation
    Hydroponics cultivation
    Troubleshooting and growing problems solutions
    Specials to intensify growth
    Harvesting and pruning
    Don't get busted guides
    Marijuana Laws
    A few ways to use your marijuana :)
    How marijuana works
    Legalize it!
    Virtual Grow Room - [NEW!]
    Marijuana News 2009
    Marijuana News 2008
    Marijuana and Travel Database


    General Info
        Comprehensive hemp & marijuana FAQ
        Marijuana leaf curling problem solver
        How To Prevent Plants From Growing Tall During Flowering
    A-Z Full&Fat Growguides
        Marijuana growing guide
        How to grow marijuana - Mel Frank and Ed Roenthal's Big Growguide
        Beginner's guide to growing marijuana
        The 2002 Grow Guide
        Basic grow guide
        Full growguide
    Indoor cultivation
        Famous erowid marijuana growing guide
        Growing marijuana in the fridge or in closet
        Full weed grow guide - everything in one place
        Short "growing weed" guide
        Indoor cultivation guide by seedless
        When To Marijuana Fertilize Seedlings
        Guide To LED Lighting For Marijuana Seeds Growing
        90W UFO LED Lights Review
        Indoor Marijuana Grow Kits Explained
    Outdoor cultivation
        Famous erowid grow guide
        Planting outdoors
        Outdoor cannabis cultivation guide by seedless
        How to choose outdoor marijuana growing site
        How to tie down outdoor cannabis plant
    Hydroponics cultivation
        What is hydro? Why shall I use hydro?
        Hydroponics
        Vegetative growth (short guide)
        Hydro - great equipment and weed pics
        Another easy hydro system
        Nomadic hydroponic garden
        Hydro FAQ
        How To Build A Deep Water Culture System
        How To Start Marijuana Seeds In DWC System
        How to build a hydroponic garden
    Specials to intensify growth
        Plant regeneration after harvest
        Negative ion generators
        Carbon dioxide
        Cheap CO2(two systems)
        Foliar feeding
        How to improve female male ratio of cannabis plant
    Harvesting and pruning
        Harvest Marijuana How to
        Pruning
        How To Top or Prune A Marijuana Plant
        Increasing Marijuana Yield
        When to harvest marijuana plants
        Do Marijuana Fan Leaves Get Trimmed
    A few ways to use your marijuana :)
        Free Marijuana Seed Buy Resources
        Marijuana Pipes and Bongs
        Vaporization is no as classic as smoking, but a lot healthier
        How to Consume Marijuana Without Smoking It
        Smoking Etiquette
        Principles of Responsible Cannabis Use
        How to roll a joint with great pictures
        Best Blunt Practices
        Weed types - Differences between Cannabis Sativa and Cannabis Indica
        How to tell your parents you smoke marijuana - Marijuana Seeds and Use
        How to Hide a Pot Smoking Habit - Cannabis Seeds, Growing and Use Guides
        How To Cover Up Marijuana Smell
        About top cigarette paper for marijuana joints making
        What is a marijuana water pipe?
        What is a Marijuana Bong?
        Bong ethymology
        Marijuana Usage in Modern World
        Marijuana Potency Research
        Get Higher with Mangoes
        Four Toker Tips To Conserve Cannabis In Slow Economy
    How marijuana works
        How marijuana works
        Marijuana entering the human body
        Marijuana and the human brain
        THC Driving Article
        Alcohol vs. Marijuana
        Antibacterial marijuana properties
        Cannabis may be protective against injury
        Is Smoking Pot During Pregnancy Healthy?
        Cannabis stoned visual effects - On being stoned
    Legalize it!
        Legalization of marijuana
        Why is Marijuana Illegal?
        Pro legalization of marijuana
        Against legalization of marijuana
        Benefits of legalizing marijuana
        Marijuana girls high on weed
        The 10 Most Successful Potheads on the Planet - Cool Enough to Admit It
        American Marijuana Use Up
        How Marijuana Became Legal (For White People)
        I smoke pot, and I like it
        Medical Marijuana Seeds - Michigan School Cannabis Grow Classes

New Cannabis Seeds strains - stronger high and higher yield

Try out new marijuana strains bred for higher yields, better trichome plant coverage and stronger high effect. A new seed predrying procedure makes germinating cannabis seeds easier, meaning the germination rate of all marijuana seeds strains we carry is 90%+. Caramelicious seeds are the new bestseller, so grab a pack and get high :-). As always discreet shipping and plain package makes our marijuana seeds worldwide delivery service on of the most apprectiated by growers and returning customers all over the world.
Caramelicious Marijuana Seeds 50 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa
Yield: 450 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8-9 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy, good for beginners

More detailed info: Caramelicious Cannabis Seeds
White Queen Marijuana Seeds 70 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa mix
Yield: 500 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8-9 weeks
Grow Difficulty: moderate

More detailed info: White Queen Cannabis Seeds
New York City Diesel Marijuana Seeds 50 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: mexican sativa x afghani
Yield: 400 gr/m²
Flowering period: 10 weeks
Grow Difficulty: moderate

More detailed info: New York City Diesel Cannabis Seeds
Formula Flora Complete NPK fertilizer Combination Pack
Beginners' and newbies cannabis seeds strains favourites votes counted, winners announced

Most of our marijuana seeds customers are first time growers, growing beginners or total newbies when it comes to growing marijuana. Remember that after you buy cannabis seeds, you need to germinate your marijuana seeds properly and provide optimum growing conditions for at least 10 weeks. To make it easy for all beginners we have selected the most easy to grow marijuana seeds, called newbie favourites. No problem marijuana seeds germination, fast growing cannabis plants, autoflowering marijuana strains make the marijuana seeds strains listed here, favourite of all first time marijuana growers.
Durban Poison Marijuana Seeds 35 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: mostly sativa
Yield: 350 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy, good for beginners

More detailed info: Durban Poison Cannabis Seeds
First Girl Marijuana Seeds 35 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa mix
Yield: 350 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy, good for beginners

More detailed info: First Girl Cannabis Seeds
Citral Marijuana Seeds 35 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: mostly indica
Yield: 425 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy

More detailed info: Citral Cannabis Seeds
Durban Poison Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog

Day 48 (2 weeks marijuana flowering)
Durban Poison is starting to really turn a nice color of white. Pistels run all the way up the main cola, with lower branches also starting to turn too. I'm excited about the potential for some great buds. There's still plenty of great veg growth happening.

Durban Poison Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog
Cheap marijuana seeds strain favourites voted by small budget growers

Cheap cannabis seeds strains is a report prepared based on low budget growers comments on cheap ams marijuana seeds in our offer. Compiled with spring and autumn strain sale statistics allow seed customers to choose cheap cannabis seeds strains which are popular. All marijuana seeds are tested for germination rate of 90%, please follow our cannabis seeds germination guides to achieve the highest possible number of germinated seeds. Enjoy cheap marijuana seeds ranking or buy the best White Widow seeds from our seed collection.
Medijuana Marijuana Seeds 50 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: mostly indica
Yield: 550 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 - 9 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy - moderate

More detailed info: Medijuana Cannabis Seeds
Ganja Dwarf (Lowrider/Lowryder) Marijuana Seeds 25 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica, ruderalis auto-flowering
Yield: 10-15 gr/plant
Flowering period: 6-7 weeks
Grow Difficulty: Easy [Good for beginners]

More detailed info: Ganja Dwarf (Lowrider/Lowryder) Cannabis Seeds
Skunk Red Hair Marijuana Seeds 25 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa mix
Yield: 500 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8-9 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy

More detailed info: Skunk Red Hair Cannabis Seeds
Medijuana Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog

Day 70 (35 days marijuana flowering)
The bud growth has been amazing. I'm going to let it go 65 days. So another 30 days from now, my plants will be ready to harvest. I'm super stoked about harvesting marijuana because it's mine. But I don't want to be to eager. Too many growers don't let their plants fill out.

Medijuana Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog
Marijuana Seeds Buying Tips - what is important when ordering seeds

Most growers who order marijuana seeds online consider following matters important: if the cannabis seeds supplier sends the seeds discreetly in a package with no indication of content, if the seedbank ships cannabis seeds to the country where I live, is there an ordertracker where I can check the status of my marijuana seeds order, does the seedshop accept credit cards, bank transfers and cash, are my personal address/payment details safe with them, are the cannabis seeds I order fresh and quality genetics ... and more read our how to buy marijuana seeds guide. Choose among many specialized cannabis seeds categories: marijuana seeds for indoor growing, outdoor marijuana seeds, greenhouse cannabis seeds strains, famous White marijuana strains, or popular medical marijuana seeds or pick one of our bestsellers.
Obama Marijuana Seeds

Obama Marijuana SeedsYes, we cannabis! : How Obama Reduced Northern California’s Pot Prices By 75%
Bringing Change We Couldn’t Believe“Although a female may lay as many as 100 to 150 eggs at time, only a few will survive to grow to adulthood and breed. Life is perilous for a tiny hatchling sea turtle,” The Leatherback Sea Turtle-An Endangered Species.
Much like their turtle counterparts, outdoor marijuana growers in Northern California have evolved in order to ensure the survival, through adulthood, of their tiny hatchlings facing their own perilous environments. Some of their Darwinian leaps are legendary, others functional yet clumsy- lacking the elegance of a well-choreographed primal ballet of genetic entanglements climaxing in the thrill of creation of new and unique lifelines. The kind of climax that made God take a day off.

Read more
How not to get busted for growing - security after receiving the marijuana seeds

To get your quality marijuana seeds is just the first and easiest step to growing your own cannabis plants safely. The first rule of thumb is to tell no one about cannabis seeds you got and your plans to grow marijuana. Second thing is to learn on how to plan your grow location, how to build your grow room or select your grow site securely to avoid getting busted for growing. Make sure you familiarize yourself with our how to survive encounter with cops guide and how to beat drug tests compilation. More in cannabis security, where you will find useful info on marijuana seeds and customs procedures.
Marijuana Seeds Bestsellers - based on growers and seedbank reports

Try out classic marijuana seeds strains that have been selling very well for years and have more and more returning customers every year. All time cannabis seeds bestsellers like White Widow, Big Bud and guerilla grower spring favourite Early Misty are one of most stable marijuana seeds strains in our collection, therefore suitable for beginners and growers who like to know exactly what they will get from the seed to buds.
Cheese Marijuana Seeds 55 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa mix
Yield: 700 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8-10 weeks
Grow Difficulty: moderate

More detailed info: Cheese Cannabis Seeds
White Widow Marijuana Seeds 50 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa mix
Yield: 450 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 weeks
Grow Difficulty: moderate

More detailed info: White Widow Cannabis Seeds
Early Misty Marijuana Seeds 35 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: mostly indica
Yield: 400 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy, good for beginners

More detailed info: Early Misty Cannabis Seeds
Big Buddha Cheese Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog

Cheese marijuana seeds grow from seed to harvest: VEGETATIVEJuly 18th
I am a very proud father of 5 lovely ladies. All 5 of the plants have showed their flowers and now it’s up to nature more than nurture. It’s just like with a child. You nurture then until they flower and then it’s up to nature and the power you installed in them. Since I gave 100% I believe I will get that back now in the marijuana seeds flowering cycle.

Big Buddha Cheese Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog
Buy your marijuana seeds now and get 20 Free marijuana seeds with every order

If you order a package of marijuana seeds at our recommended marijuana seed bank you will get 20 Free high potent marijuana seeds with your order. As long as the strain stock lasts! So order your mariuana seeds and cannabis seeds now and get additional 10 free marijuana seeds with your order. We carry most modern and classic marijuana seeds strains to choose from for most growing conditions: indoor cannabis seeds, outdoor cannabis seeds, greenhouse cannabis seeds and most specials feminized cannabis seeds and autoflowering Ganja Dwarf (Lowrider/Lowryder) seeds. 20 Free potent cannabis seeds with your order!
Summer specials - get a discounted pricing on many of cannabis seeds strains in our offer

Every summer we announce lower prices on some of our marijuana seeds strains, to encourage our customers and growers to try out growing new cannabis seeds breeds as diversity of strains we grow make growing interesting and more fun. With low prices, you are welcome to try a different aproach: if you grow indoor strains try growing an outdoor marijuana seeds variety, if you usually do guerilla growing, go for indoors with some of the best indoor cannabis seeds at discounted price.
Haze Marijuana Seeds 35 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: mostly sativa
Yield: 425 gr/m²
Flowering period: 10-14 weeks
Grow Difficulty: experienced

More detailed info: Haze Cannabis Seeds
Bob Marley Sativa Marijuana Seeds 35 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: sativa
Yield: 350 gr/m²
Flowering period: 9-11 weeks
Grow Difficulty: moderate

More detailed info: Bob Marley Sativa Cannabis Seeds
Easy Rider Marijuana Seeds 25 EUR - Convert price to $

Type: indica-sativa mix
Yield: 450 gr/m²
Flowering period: 8 weeks
Grow Difficulty: easy-moderate

More detailed info: Easy Rider Cannabis Seeds
Read Haze Marijuana Seeds Grower's Blog

Haze marijuana seeds grow from seed to harvest: FLOWERINGDay 51 (24 days marijuana flower)
It's now the start of week three flower. The plants are smelling so yummy. I will be starting PK 13-14 marijuana plant food when the res runs low. It should be tomorrow or the next day at the latest. I am planning on a 9 week flower, but it may go longer.
Marijuana seeds advice - how to choose, find, buy, germinate, store and grow cannabis seeds

Here you will find most answers to marijuana seeds questions we keep getting and answering like: Where and how to get good marijuana seeds, what are the best cannabis seeds for my location, what marijuana seeds strain is recommended for early spring outdoor growing, how to select the best cannabis strain for my climate, how to germinate the marijuana seeds for highest germination rate, how should fresh and healthy cannabis seed look like, if and how can I store cannabis seeds to keep them viable for next year planting, what are your best of the best marijuana seeds strains ?
Marijuana seeds and cannabis plants gallery

Here, in our Marijuana Picture Gallery You can find some cool marijuana pics. Gallery is updated monthly so You're welcome to come back and check out what we have for Your pot-thirsty eyes! :)

Wholesale and PrePacked Retail Cannabis Seeds Available NOW!
prepacked Retail Relaximo Marijuana Seeds

For all interested wholesalers, headshop, smartshop and garden shop owners in countries where selling marijuana seeds is allowed by local laws, we are happy to introduce Wholesale cannabis seeds and beautifully prepacked Retail Relaximo Marijuana Seeds. Get 50 quality RELAXIMO seeds for FREE with your first STARTUP RETAIL order! Only fresh, ripe cannabis seeds of modern, potent Dutch mature genetics that will grow and yield to make you and your customers proud.

Try Relaximo seeds once and you'll always come back to get more :-)
prepacked Retail Relaximo Marijuana Seeds

Anonymous web surfingContact usTop of page

If you liked my website and find it useful, please link to it using code I placed on links page.
Thank you for visiting my website and welcome back anytime !

