It's high time to germinate your seeds!!!
How To Germinate Marijuana Seeds Marijuana Seeds Germination Photos Marijuana Seeds Storage Marijuana Seeds Gallery Quality of Viable Marijuana Seeds

Click the picture to buy 10 marijuana seeds.
Click the picture to buy 10 marijuana seeds.
Click the picture to buy 10 marijuana seeds.
Click the picture to buy 10 marijuana seeds.
Click the picture to buy 10 marijuana seeds.
Click the picture to buy 10 marijuana seeds.
	
Germinating Marijuana Seeds

During germination, the marijuana seed awakens from its inactivity. Water is essential here, for as soon as the seed has absorbed a sufficient amount of water, the seedling begins to form its root system. Next it breaks through its shell. There are various possibilities for the process of germinating :

Germinating marijuana seedsPresoaking - Put some moist tissues on a plate. Put the seeds on top of them and then put a layer of moist tissues on the seeds. Cover the plate with another upturned plate, so that the seeds are in darkness and the environment remains moist. Put the covered seeds in a warm place (21°C). Update for paper towel method: germinating marijuana easy and successful. Check the seeds every day, sprinkle the tissues if necessary and carefully transplant the seeds when they open and the tip of the root becomes visible. Put the seed in a growth medium (soil or rock-wool), approximately the size of the seed under the surface (about 5 mm).

Sowing in the growing medium - Place the seeds under the surface in the growing medium at approximately the size of the seed. Position the marijuana seeds in soil with pointed end up. Regularly sprinkle the growth medium with water, but make sure that the soil or the rock-wool does not become too wet. The seedling uses the spare food present in the seed for growing. Air is very important for its metabolism. So make sure that the soil remains sufficiently airy. One of the characteristics of rockwool is that it retains much air. Make sure that the rockwool is not standing in water and that the excess water is able to drain away properly. Rockwool has a fine germination climate for the seeds. Remove the cover as soon as the seedlings reach above the medium.

Outside growing - Although it is possible to have the seeds germinate immediately outdoors, the germination percentage will be considerably higher if you first germinate indoors. From April to May the ground temperature is not yet ideal. Regularly put the emerged seedlings in a place where they can get used to outdoor conditions.

Young seedlings - Freshly germinated marijuana seeds which are about to drop the seed shell are seedlings starting its lifecycle. The young plants are still very delicate. Therefore you should not place them in direct sunlight or just below a 400 Watt lamp. This might cause burning. Provide young plants with nutrient water and add Boost to strengthen the root system.

"You can use a metal canester with lid to speed up the process place seeds inbetween two pices of moist tissue paper place it in the canester and wait about 2 days and your seeds will be sprouting, but you have to keep them in a warm place. The metal canaster collects the moisture that is normaly evaporated and deposits it back onto the tissue requiring less freqient dampining to the tissue. So far 100% success on our 3rd batch."
john

Other Resources:

  Marijuana seeds
  (at 1stmarijuanagrowerspage.com)

  How to grow pot
  (at allpotseeds.com)

  Growing pot
  (at allpotseeds.com)

Visit our partner links here

Dear Real World Shop Owner!

Get 50 quality RELAXIMO seeds for FREE with your first STARTUP RETAIL order!
Fat profit share for our RETAILERS, get in touch NOW with RELAXIMO.com!

Afghani - Afghan Feminized - Amsterdam Indica - Aussie Blues - Azura - Big Bud - Bob Marley Sativa - Bob Marley Sativa Feminized - California Dream Feminized - Californian Skunk - Caramelicious - Charas - Cheese Marijuana Seeds - Cheese Feminized Marijuana Seeds - Citral - Crystal Rain - Durban Poison - Dutch Dope - Early Misty - Easy Rider - First Girl - Ganesha's Dream - Ganja Dwarf Lowrider Lowryder Marijuana Seeds - Ganja Dwarf Lowrider Lowryder Feminized Marijuana Seeds - Happy Outdoor Mix - Hawaii skunk - Haze - Hindu Kush - Le fruit Defendu - Light of Jah - Maroc x Skunk Special - Master Kush - Master Kush x Northern Light - Medijuana - Misty - New York City Diesel - New York City Diesel Feminized - Northern Light - Northern Light Feminized - Northern Light x Big Bud - Pride of Amsterdam - Purple Power - Shiva Shanti - Skunk Red Hair - Skunk Special - Strawberry Ice Feminized - Super Nova - Super Silver Haze - Super Skunk - Thai x Skunk - Waikiki Queen Feminized - White Buffalo Tatanka - White Queen - White Queen Feminized - White Widow - White Widow Feminized - Yoruba Nigeria

Anonymous Surfing Information

Dear Visitors of our website, if you live in a country where viewing our content is not allowed by local law and you'd like to protect your privacy online please use one of recommended Anonymous Surfing services. Using Proxy Europe assures you that your online identity will be protected and respected.

Better safe than sorry :-)

Cooperation offer!

Dear Visitor!

If you like our website and the spirit it brings, have an interest or even expertise in the subject, can and would like to write any unique text we could publish, please contact us and we'll be happy to pay you a little for any text we decide to publish here.

Thank you and good luck!

