Marijuana Blog - BakedLife.com

BakedLife.com is your source for news on medical marijuana, updates on legalization of marijuana, and everything in between!

    Home
    Strain Encyclopedia
    Cannabis Kitchen
    Buds Directory
    Ganja Product Reviews
    Websites
    Lifestyle

March 1, 2012
New Single from Rapper & Marijuana Entrepreneur Bobby Tre titled "Nintendo 64"

Bobby Tre Bio:
Born on May 3, 1990, Bobby Tre was brought into the world as a child of music, business and cool vibes. Watching his father, Bobby Dash a music executive at Rocafella Records and Motown Records lead radio promotions for industry greats in the music business, Tre always felt that music shined brighter than a traditional job and was eager to contribute to the music world.

Growing up Bobby Tre was always an ‘A’ student in history classes, who pursued his own research on the Black Panthers’ movement, the late 60s Yippie Era, as well as Scifi and conspiracy theories. He is now pursuing a career as a music artist in addition to becoming an independent Medical Marijuana entrepreneur.

As a youth Tre spent most of his time skateboarding, leaving organized sports behind because relying on team members was usually a let down in some way, shape or form. Skateboarding enabled Bobby Tre to develop his passion, patience, creativity, and determination. Tre describes his hobby as, “you’re not told what to do, how to do it, or when to stop- it’s really up to you how far you take it.”

At 8 years of age, Bobby Tre began writing poetry, and rhymes, only sharing them with family and friends. Now 13 years later, Bobby Tre has launched his music career and is heavily involved with the production and mastering of his sounds. Hard work and determination will be key for a near-future music tour. Bobby Tre conquering the collegiate scene is one of many goals, and together with the Heirs To The Throne, a family alliance, is N.O.W. reality.

Twitter: @BobbyTre

Upcoming Webisode Series: "No Country For Artists"


Entertainment
Entertainment archives entertainment, media, and celebrities
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
0 thoughts
Labels: entertainment, marijuana, music, rap
Reactions:  	
February 23, 2012
#RAWLife Livin' by rapper Young Cam
Real Name: Cameron Carter
Born: 8/21/93
From: New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.
Genres: Hip Hop
Years Active: 2010 - Present
Labels: Double S Ent., Billionaire's Row Ent.

We've got a new track from up and coming artist Young Cam, titled #RAWLife Livin'. Thumbs up to this dude, definitely smokin' good. Check it out and follow him on Twitter @YoungCamFool!

Young Cam - #RAWLife Livin' (Prod. Cardo)
Short Bio:
Cameron Christopher Carter, born August 21, 1993, better known by his stage name Young Cam Fool, is an American rapper from New Orleans, Louisiana. Other artists that influence Young Cam are Curren$y, Wiz Khalifa, Big Sean, Rick Ross, Juicy J, Trademark Da Skydiver, Kashflow Da God, and Snoop Dogg. Cam's favorite rapper is Curren$y. In 2011 he became a Billionaire's Row artist, and February 8, 2012, he released his debut mixtape Tranquil Oasis.
Want to live the #RAWLife? Get 10% OFF all RAW Products when you use the coupon code RAWLIFE. Click here to shop for RAW rolling papers, apparel and accessories!

Entertainment
Entertainment archives entertainment, media, and celebrities


Contact: BakedLife@gmail.com
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
1 thoughts
Labels: entertainment, music, rap
Reactions:  	
Bud for Bud's Sake #7
A beautiful Blackberry Kush nug :-)
Blackberry Kush - (Afghani Mother x DJ Short's Blueberry) 

    "Every now and then we get a photo from a fan that's just too good not to post up. When that happens it doesn't matter if there's any real context. This is Bud for Bud's own Sake. Stare at it, Love it, Share it." - BakedLife.com


"B4BS" Bud For Bud's Sake


Contact: Bakedlife@gmail.com
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
2 thoughts
Labels: B4BS, blackberry kush, photo collection
Reactions:  	
February 17, 2012
What’ll It Take to Finally Legalize Marijuana in the US? Think Green!
Here's an article by Rhino Seeds, Baked Life's favorite online seedbank.


By green, we don’t mean weed green, and we certainly aren't talking about anything eco-friendly. We mean green as in moolah, cashola and payouts. Just like anything else, when Big Money gets involved, things happen. Think we’re crazy? Here are four reasons we’re not:

1. Tax Revenue is Down
This is an old argument, but politicians are finally listening. With tax dollars hitting record lows and dropping every year, states are looking at every possible source of revenue to keep their bureaucracies funded and their red-tape rolling. 

Take Virginia, for example. This ultra-conservative state has barely given MMJ a thought, but Delegate David Englin introduced a bill to fund a study to see how much revenue the state could raise by legalizing pot and selling it in state-operated ABC stores. With no mention of prescription requirements, locals were left wondering if this would be purely recreational – a definite one-off from most other proposals. The bill never left the table, bit it’s a clear sign of change. 

2. You Can Buy Stock In Pot
Next time you’re checking out the stock market, take a look at Cannabis Science trading as CBIS on the NYSE. This is a legitimate biotech company that is leading the way in pharmaceutical-grade cannabis products. As of February 14, 2012, this company spent a small fortune to acquire several other companies and licenses.

Why the big move? They appear to be trying to corner the market on not only prescription-based products, but OTC medications as well. Just imagine being able to walk into your corner drug store and buy THC or CBD like it was baby aspirin. Cannabis Science is also working on: 

• Strategic Relationships with the Pharmaceutical Industry
• Exclusive Access to Organic Marijuana Sources
• Increased Laboratory Capacity for Testing and Quality Assurance
• Educational Media to Promote the Medical Use of Cannabis

3. Big Tobacco is in the Game
Conspiracy theorists have been saying that Philip Morris has been researching marijuana cultivation in preparation for legalization since the 70s – and they’re probably right. However, even the naysayers can’t ignore the black-and-white truth of California’s property records. This tobacco giant has been buying up massive amounts of acreage throughout the Sunshine State, the most famous region in the war for legalized MMJ.

4. Even the European Companies Are Interested
Everyone is watching to see how the whole legalization thing plays out, including European companies. UK-based Rhino Seeds has just implemented an international shipping program putting the good old Stars and Stripes on their check-out page right beside the Union Jack. 

Serving the cannabis-seed needs of UK stoners for over 10 years, this trustworthy company is crossing the pond to fill in for the lack of a reliable US-based source. If you’re legal to grow, this is a great place to get started. Choose from over 50 breeders, more than 4,000 strains, full automatics, feminized seeds, cheeses, diesels, blueberries, kush, Sativa, Indica and medicinal strains. If they don’t have it, it probably doesn't exist! Or, they’ll work their ass off to get it for you if you ask. 

Even though they look big, this is a relatively small operation with hands-on customer service. If you have a question, just ask. A real person will make sure you get an answer you’re satisfied with. The only catch is they’re just starting on their international gig. Until they get the credit card details worked out, you have to send cash. On the bright side, you’ll get fresh, top-shelf cannabis seeds backed by an unmatched quality guarantee.

So what do you think? Will greenbacks do what millions of cancer patients and their doctors couldn’t?
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
1 thoughts
Labels: legalization, legalize, money, politics
Reactions:  	
"Double On My Grind" from Rapper Fat Flatts

Fat Flatts is a rapper from Pittsburgh,PA. He has been buzzing after dropping various songs with many artists. Here's a new jam by Fat Flatts called "Double On My Grind" from his new mixtape The Recipe. He will be putting that out in a week or two lookout.

Check him out!




Entertainment
Entertainment archives entertainment, media, and celebrities
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
1 thoughts
Labels: entertainment, music, rap
Reactions:  	
Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Search BakedLife.com
	
Popular Posts

    Top 10 Marijuana Quotes
    We've compiled a list of some of the funniest and most interesting quotes on marijuana from famous politicians, comedians, actors and artist...
    Top 20 Marijuana Quotes
    Here are some more the funniest, weirdest, and all around best marijuana quotes there Read Part 1 Here 20. "Considering the fact that I'...
    Marijuana Detox
    Every stoner has had to deal with drug tests. Marijuana is one of the easiest drugs to test for because it stays in the human body for up t...
    Sexy Stoner Adult Star Kayden 420: Sharing Pics and Her Love of Pot
    We're all adults right. So we should be able to say "Porn Star" without lowering our voice, giggling, or with an overtone of disgust. ...
    Miss High Times Corrals Sexy Stoner Girls
    High Times magazine has gotten a lot of attention for it's Miss High Times Contest. They bring together stoner gals from all around the wor...

Followers
Follow by Email
	
Past Joints
Get it, "Passed Joints" Bwa ha ha :)
Dankest Posts

    Top Ten Marijuana Quotes
    The Best Books About Marijuana
    ThatHigh.com - Stoner Thoughts
    How to Survive Being High at Work
    Plant vs. Transplant
    Top 10 Stoner Cities
    Best Videos Games to play Stoned

Marijuana Web Links

    THCfinder.com The easiest way to browse through all the dispensaries in your area.
    cannabis seeds - QUALITY regular and feminized seeds



NOTE
Baked Life and it's contributors do not support any illegal activity, or the use or sale of drugs. We promote only knowledge.
Site Map

    Home
    Strain Encyclopedia
    Cannabis Kitchen
    Buds Directory
    Product Reviews
    Websites
    Lifestyle

	
Baked Life on the Web

    Email BakedLife@gmail.com
    Facebook MyBakedLife
    Twitter Baked_Life
    Tumblr SDBP.BakedLife.com
    Reddit Baked Life
    Digg BakedLife
    Flickr BakedLife

	
Tags
marijuana (130) weed (100) strain encyclopedia (98) entertainment (76) stoner information (66) hybrid (43) indica (42) stoner (38) video stash (32) high (26) photo collection (26) baked life review (22) bong (22) funny (18) sex sessions (18) Stoner Lists (16) news (16) Stoner TV (15) buds directory (15) music (15) sativa (12)

Note to all Government Agencies:

This site intended For all MMJ holders and Caregivers, this site is for age 18 and over. USE CANNABIS WITH CAUTION. Baked Life does believe MEDICAL MARIJUANA should be used by patients 21 and over and with caution, you should have a LEGAL prescription, and abide by ALL MARIJUANA LAWS THE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS HAS INITIATED never operate any heavy machinery under Medical Marijuana.
2010-2012 © Baked Life. Powered by Blogger.
Icon 	
	
	Link Menu
	
	Recent posts
	
	Share
	
	
	
	
 
New!
Welcome to Baked Life Marijuana Website.
Check out the new features on the toolbar below.
OK

