Buy Dutch Seeds (BDS)
CURRENCIES:

    English
    Español
    Italiano
    Nihongo
    Polski
    Svenska
    Deutsch
    Français

    My Account
    Checkout
    Log in

    Home
    All Seeds
    New Seeds
    Contact us

Shopping Cart 0 items

AUTOFLOWERING
CANNABIS SEEDS

BUY DUTCH SEEDS SELLS THE BEST AUTOFLOWERING CANNABIS GENETICS AVAILABLE.
<12345>
Cannabis Seeds
Worldwide shipping top quality cannabis seeds and marijuana seeds from Amsterdam, the Netherlands. High cannabis germination success, hundreds of different cannabis varieties from only the best marijuana breeders.

The best marijuana smoking for our customers is the highest priority! We will personally help you to succeed. And most importantly, Buy Dutch Seeds ships successful and discreet cannabis seeds to all countries worldwide.

We offer you the biggest list of marijuana seeds directly from top Dutch cannabis breeders. Over 30 marijuana strains. Lots of cannabis cup winners like White Widow, Durban Poison and Northern Light. We provide marijuana seeds for every need: Indoor marijuana seeds, Outdoor cannabis seeds, Feminized marijuana seeds, and Medical marijuana.

    B52 Cannabis Seeds
    B52 (10 seeds) €50.00 B-52 cannabis is a truly superior Skunk strain. Ideal for the commercial grower, growing some... Read more about B52
    BUY NOW
    Big Bud Cannabis Seeds
    Big Bud (10 seeds) €80.00 Big Bud marijuana is one of the oldest commercial strains. The mission of Big Bud... Read more about Big Bud
    BUY NOW
    Black Berry Cannabis Seeds
    Blackberry (10 seeds) €32.00 Blackberry’s mother, Black Domino, was a marijuana clone sent to the Netherlands from the area... Read more about Blackberry
    BUY NOW

    Bubblelicious feminized cannabis seeds
    Bubblelicious feminized (5 seeds) €50.00 Feminized Bubblelicious cannabis was developed in the Midwest, U.S.A., then brought to the Netherlands in... Read more about Bubblelicious feminized
    BUY NOW
    Hawaii Maui Waui feminized Cannabis Seeds
    Hawaii Maui Waui feminized (5 seeds) €65.00 Hawaii Maui Waui marijuana is a lanky tropical cannabis sativa, long a main attraction of... Read more about Hawaii Maui Waui feminized
    BUY NOW
    Jock Horror feminized Cannabis Seeds
    Jock Horror feminized (5 seeds) €75.00 Buy 100% feminised - Jock Horror is a three-way marijuana hybrid of Northern Light, Skunk... Read more about Jock Horror feminized
    BUY NOW

Cannabis Seeds 	
Cannabis Seeds
	Graines de Cannabis 	
Graines de Cannabis
	Hanfsamen 	
Hanfsamen
	Semillas de Marihuana 	
Semillas de Marihuana
Nasiona Konopi 	
Nasiona Konopi
	Cannabis Frön 	
Cannabis Frön
	カンナビスの種 	
カンナビスの種
	Semi di Cannabis 	
Semi di Cannabis

Cannabis Seeds
Ordering marijuana seeds online is 100% safe.

Our Cannabis Seeds get shipped concealed, discreet and worldwide.

All our pot seeds (weed seeds) get tested.

We have a large range of cannabis (High Times) cup winners for most of our marijuana strains.

Since 1999 we serve hundreds of thousands happy customers.

If you want to grow indoor cannabis seeds or outdoor cannabis seeds, Feminized Marijuana Seeds, for marijuana medical use or just to have a relaxing high THC smoke, we can offer you the highest marijuana seeds for the greatest prices. Our selection of cannabis seeds are the finest in the world. Don't hesitate and order now 100% safe your marijuana seeds.

Please first check our Frequently Asked Questions page before opening a Support Ticket with questions which we may have answered already.

Become Affiliate

Become a Buy Dutch Seeds Affiliate Partner and earn up to 40% commission for each sale you make! Read more...

    CANNABIS SEEDS
    Package Deals
    Indoor Seeds
    In / Outdoor Seeds
    Outdoor Seeds
    Feminized Seeds
    Medical Marijuana
    New Products
    Autoflowering Cannabis



Bestsellers

    01. Afghan
    02. AK-48
    03. BDS special
    04. Chrystal
    05. Durban Poison
    06. Master Kush
    07. Wonder Woman feminized
    08. White Widow
    09. Jock Horror

33


Buy Cannabis Seeds Safely at Buy Dutch Seeds

Click for company profile

    Information
        Germinate Marijuana Seeds
        Growing Guide
        Shipping Terms
        Payment and Shipping
        Customer Service
        General Conditions
    Support
        Frequently Asked Questions
        Open Support Ticket
        Contact us
    Affiliate Program
        Affiliate Information
        Affiliate Signup
        Affiliate Log In
        Banner Links
    Follow Us
    Buy Dutch Seeds on Facebook Buy Dutch Seeds on Twitter Buy Dutch Seeds on Youtube

Copyright © Buy Dutch Seeds 1998-2012.

