Home
Search

Grow Room
Arts & Entertainment
Activism

Advertise with CC
CC Forums
Pot.tv



FacebookTwitter

MySpaceYouTube

RSS

	
FreeMarc - new
	


Proven Drug Testing Solutions

    Home
        Grow
        Arts & Entertainment
        Activism
    Magazine
        About Cannabis Culture
        Backissue Archive
        Library
        CC Newsletter
    CC Store
        CC Online Store
        Order Backissues
        Visit our store!
        Wholesale
    Community
        CC Forums
        CC Facebook
        CC Twitter
        CC Myspace
        CC Staff
    Affiliates
        Pot TV
        BCMP
        eNDProhibition
        USMJP
        NORML Canada
        MAP inc
        whyprohibition
    Advertise
        Advertise
        Classified Ads
    Contact

Headline News
'Weed Wars' Oakland Cast Wants America to Love Them
By Chuck Barney, Contra Costa Times - Monday, August 1 2011
Tags:

    Activism
    Headline News
    california
    dispensaries
    MEDICAL MARIJUANA
    television
    USA

 

The Bay Area businessmen featured in the new reality series, "Weed Wars," want you to know that they're not bad guys. Nor are they "kooks."

"We're like most American families," says Steve DeAngelo. "We say grace before dinner, we celebrate birthdays, and we mourn losses."

Ah, but there is one glaring difference: They sell marijuana.

DeAngelo is the founder and executive director of Oakland's Harborside Health Center, the largest medical cannabis dispensary in the country. (A second location opened in San Jose last year). He and his brother, Andrew, along with David Weddingdress, visited television's summer press tour to chat up "Weed Wars," which is set for a November debut on the Discovery Channel.

The four-episode series promises to "fearlessly pull back the curtain on a once illegal and controversial world" while going behind the scenes at Harborside and introducing viewers to the people who work there. The facility reportedly serves more than 80,000 patients and dispenses only the "highest-grade" cannabis.

"It's not some hole-in-the-wall pot shop that's an embarrassment to its neighborhood," explained Steve DeAngelo.

The men of Harborside made quite an impression at the press tour. Steve wore his hair in lengthy braids, set off by stylish earrings, and the bearded Weddingdress (he has changed his name) showed up in a purple tie-dye frock.

"(It's) my personal comfort zone," he explained.

"It's also a political statement for me on challenging what it is to be a man in this society."

Based on appearances alone, they should make for some good TV -- executive producer Chuck Braverman calls them "terrific characters" -- but they want to do more than just entertain audiences. They want to change minds.

"I've seen what this medicine does for suffering patients," Steve said. "I'm confident that, if the American people get to know my staff and my patients, they're going to support our cause."

But is he worried that the message might get lost among some viewers beyond the Bay Area who could take one look at the screen and say, "Good lord, there go those kooks from California again"?

"No way," says Steve. "I'm convinced that more people will fall in love with us than hate us."

- Article originally from Mercury News.

Related

    Medical Marijuana Initiative Campaign Rolling Out in California
    Marin Alliance For Medical Marijuana, California's Oldest Pot Club, Closes
    Medical Marijuana Advocates Unveil Ballot Measure
    Medical Marijuana Patients, Supporters To Rally in Sacramento Against DOJ Attacks
    How This Week's Events Make LA the Center of the Anti-Drug-War Movement

    addthis
    Email this page
    Printer-friendly version

	
marijuana seeds
cannabis seeds

Shop online: Pure Glass, HighEnd bongs, Incredibowls and more
Sensi Seed Bank
Friday, 30 March 2012
6:49am in Vancouver - 29 min since 4:20 in Edmonton
You perceive an increase in self-control and possess more vitality and capacity for work.... In other words, you are simply more normal, and it is soon hard to believe that you are under the influence of a drug.
-- Sigmund Freud, discussing cocaine


CANNABIS CULTURE MAGAZINE
www.cannabisculture.com
307 West Hastings Street Vancouver BC
V6B 1H6 Canada



