Home | Daily Smoker
Tuesday, 20 March 2012
Cannabis Billboards Targeting Seniors in South Florida
Sunday 18 March 2012

    420 Videos
    Add new comment

Cannabis laws in Ireland create crime.
Friday 16 March 2012

It's not a secret that drug laws are creating more crime of course. And so it does in Ireland as well. A couple of cool students have made an interesting documentary about the illegality of cannabis in Ireland for both recreational and medical users. It has already been screened at the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime conference in Vienna! Good work guys! But how long will it take before governments, like the Irish in this case, will realize that the way the laws are set right now are just simply f*cked up?

 

 

    420 Medicinal
    1 comment

Angel Raich kicked out of hospital for smoking medicinal marijuana.
Angel Raich
Wednesday 14 March 2012

Do you remember Angel Raich? She is the famous activist who took the Federal Government to court in 2004 and 2005 and now in 2012 is dying from a brain tumor. Well, UCSF, a hospital in the States that researches the efficiency of Marijuana in pain-relief, has decided to kick Angel Raich out of their facility for smoking Marijuana last Monday when she was at UCSF for some tests and a doctor or some pharmacist walked in on her smoking a vaporizer. We are wondering if the hospitals management has lost their minds or where they pretty high on something themselves?
Read more »

    420 Hypocrisy
    Add new comment

Cannabis Events 2012
Cannabis Events 2012
Monday 12 March 2012

Yes, we have finally done it; we have managed to update the Cannabis Events list for 2012. It took us a bit of time since not all organizers are as adequate with updating their info on upcoming events. (As usual..) There are some events that are annual events, but we have added also some new events to our list, like the 41th Annual Ann Arbor Hash Bash. Since there are probably events that we missed out on last year, or haven’t heard about at all, we would like to ask all you 420-lovers to help us out and notify us if you know any event worth mentioning in our list. You can submit them, or of course post them in a comment to this post.

    420 Legalize
    Add new comment

Evolution
Sunday 11 March 2012

Evolution

    420 History
    1 comment

How Anti-Medical Marijuana Laws Kill
Monday 5 March 2012

    420 Videos
    2 comments

Spanish Town Wants To Grow Weed To Boost Economy
Spanish Town Wants To Grow Weed To Boost Economy
Sunday 4 March 2012

As the economic crisis is hitting Spain really hard, a small pittoresque village called Rasquera came up with a great plan to increase their income; growing weed. The small village that has a population of only 900 people would gain jobs for at least 40 people and the financial injection it would give could save the town from the big recession it is in at the moment. The village is located in Catalonia where an organization called ABCDA has been fighting against criminalization and social stigmatization of cannabis consumers for many years.
Read more »

    420 Cultivation
    Add new comment

    1
    2
    3
    4
    5
    6
    7
    8
    9
    …
    next ›
    last »

    420 Blog
    Videos
    Strain Guide
    Events
    Quotes
    Amsterdam
    Pictures
    Contact

Search this site:
DS Twitter

    DS Youtube
    DS Facebook
    DS Twitter
    DS RSS

...if you spot something interesting, don`t hesitate to let us know...

Don't forget to check out our roll-a-joint videos. More than 9.000.000 views and 37.000+ subscribers at YouTube! The Octopus, Windmill, Blunt, Hash joint, Classic and much more...
Quote of the Day

"If you look at the drug war from a purely economic point of view, the role of the government is to protect the drug cartel."
- Milton Friedman, Economist, Nobel Prize winner
More Cannabis Quotes
Our 420 Friends

    Toke of the Town
    Cannabis Seeds
    Mike Cann
    Autoflowering
    Online Smartshop
    Zambeza

Tags
marijuana medical war on drugs police medical marijuana Hemp weed marc emery pot legalize prison drug cannabis obama alcohol
more tags
Username: *
Password: *

    Create new account
    Request new password

Connect
Sign in using Facebook
In The Spotlight: AC Genetics

AC Genetics - Autoflowering Seeds

AC is an abbreviation of 'Autoflowering Cannabis'. Like the name suggests, AC Genetics is totally focussed on the production of Autoflowering cannabis seeds. To name a few of their strains: Turbo Jack, Fast Haze, Rapid Afghan, Quick Bud, Speed Ryder #2 and many more.
Visit AC Genetics
Rolling Papers 'The Daily Smoker' Now Available!

Daily Smoker Rolling Papers

In our rolling videos on YouTube we use 'our own' rolling papers. Lately we got a serious amount of requests on how and where to get them. Well, it was almost impossible to get your hands on them. Until now! Finally we're able to get our papers out there, so if you're interested, READ ON...
Are you already preparing for the outdoor season?:
Yes
No
I only grow indoors
I don't grow at all
HIGH... lighted

    Cannabis Strain Guide
    Top 10 Best Cannabis Seeds
    Top 10 Best Cannabis Seed Banks
    Top 5 Best Autoflowering Seeds
    What are Autoflowering Cannabis Seeds?
    Amsterdam's Drug Policy
    Coffeeshop pictures
    Cannabis Events 2011
    Latest added cannabis seed bank: Zambeza

Use of this site indicates your agreement to our disclaimer.
The Daily Smoker - Amsterdam - 2010 - All rights reserved (c)
Drupal

