Best Marijuana Seeds
[Order Marijuana Seeds Safe]
 
 
[White Widow Seeds]
White Widow Seeds Feminized

White Widow In the mid 1990’s a legend was born. White Widow almost instantly appeared on about every coffeeshop menu in Holland. This masterpiece has set the standard for the “White” strains. Our White Widow grows tall with delicate arms. Buds are moderately compact in order to contain the copious amounts of resin. Leaning on the sativa side, the buzz is powerful yet energetic and very social.
 
10 seeds: € 30,-
 
 
[Haze Seeds]
Haze Seeds

The roots of our Haze lie in the foothills of the Bay Area, California, in the 1970s. A stable magical mix of Columbian, Mexican, Thai and Jamaican strains, Haze has fluffy buds and a very long flowering period. It delivers an intense rushing high. Haze has a complex aroma which almost makes it smell like it's not cannabis.
 
10 seeds: € 25,-
 
 
[Big Bud Seeds]
Big Bud XXL Feminized Seeds

Big Bud XXL Feminized marijuana seeds. This plant is almost a pure indica strain with a happy effect and it is available only in its female version. It's the biggest producer of our collection and it can reach this result without compromising quality. Usually the lower branches collapse under the weight of the buds.
 
10 seeds: € 30,-
 
 
[Bubble Gum Seeds]
Bubble Gum Seeds

Originally the Bubble Gum was developed by growers in Indiana (USA). Brought to the Netherlands in the 1990s to be further refined. Its plants grow vigorously and finish flowering in about 8 weeks. Bubblegum is highly resinous and extra sweet. Certain phenotypes will actually display a distinct pink bubblegum scent and flavour.
 
10 seeds: € 35,-
 
 
[Northern Light Seeds]
Northern Light Seeds

Northern Light is a winner of the Indica strain 2001 2002 and 2004. Nearly all promising modern indoor strains contain Northern Light genes. With its high flower-to-leaf ratio, compact buds, good yields and exceptional resin production, this wonderful plant is a most lucrative choice for the indoor grower. The smoke's flavour is somewhat neutral, yet full-bodied.
 
10 seeds: € 20,-
 
 
[White Ice Seeds]
White Ice Seeds

White Ice has ancestors of Afghani, a very special Skunk, Northern Light, and Shiva. Ice flowers are richly covered in trychomes and have a dense consistency. Buds form along main branches and there is a high flower to leaf ratio. The stone is heavy and the aroma is almost like fuel. Ice is a winner of the 1998 Cannabis Cup.
 
10 seeds: € 29,-
 
 
[Super Skunk Seeds]
Super Skunk Seeds

Super Skunk was one of the first serious projects to create a next-level cannabis hybrid by crossing the groundbreaking Skunk #1 with an ancient, pure-bred, highly resinous Afghani hash plant. In 1990, Super Skunk was released to great acclaim, picking up the mostly-Indica Cannabis Cup straight away. Strong skunk flavor and smell.
 
10 seeds: € 20,-
 
 
[Afghan Seeds]
Afghan Seeds

Round fat leaves and big fat buds, not many crystals but has rich smooth hash like smoke. The marijauna plant tends to be very bushy but will yield large amounts of very sticky buds. Mountainous conditions, over thousands of years have produced a very stocky, sturdy and disease resistant marijuana plant.
 
10 seeds: € 30,-
 
 
[Master Kush Seeds]
Master Kush Seeds

First called High Rise, Master Kush was developed in one of the tall buildings in Amsterdam's Bijlmer area. A strong plant of medium height and bushiness, Master Kush is a heavy producer which thrives in soil, hydro and greenhouse growing systems. Master Kush has a pleasantly earthy, mossy smell and its smoke is smooth.
 
10 seeds: € 20,-
[Best Marijuana Seeds]
 
Best Marijuana Seeds

We search the web for you looking for the best marijuana seeds. We present you the cheapest offers for the highest quality hemp seeds from the famous Dutch breeders. Do you like smoking the best product Holland has to offer or do you have a passion for growing beautiful plants in your indoor garden? This site is also a paradise for people who like to grow pot outdoor for medical or leisure purpose!

Marijuana is also known as: pot, weed, grass, cannabis, marihuana, bud, haze, 420, dope, hash, hemp, skunk, ganja, canabis, hashish, wiet and nederwiet.
Marijuana Seeds

Select your marijuana seeds:

    White Widow
    Northern Light
    Haze
    Bubblegum
    Super Skunk
    Big Bud
    Master Kush
    Afghan
    White Ice

 
[Best Marijuana Seeds]
 
Medical Marijuana

All the strains that www.GetMarijuanaseeds.com are offering are wel suited for medical use. Medical cannabis (commonly referred to as "medical marijuana") refers to the use of the Cannabis plant as a physician-recommended drug or herbal therapy, as well as synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and other cannabinoids. There are many studies regarding the use of cannabis in a medicinal context. Use generally requires a prescription, and distribution is usually done within a framework defined by local laws. There are several methods for administration of dosage, including vaporizing or smoking dried buds, drinking or eating extracts, and taking synthetic THC pills. The comparible efficacy of these methods was the subject of an investigative study by the National Institutes of Health.

Medicinal use of cannabis is legal in a limited number of territories worldwide, including Canada, Austria, the Netherlands, Spain, Israel, Finland, and Portugal. In the United States, 13 states have recognized medical marijuana: Alaska, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington although California, Colorado, New Mexico and Rhode Island are currently the only states to utilize "dispensaries" to sell medical cannabis.
 
[Best Marijuana Seeds]
 
Marijuana Seed Banks

GetMarijuanaseeds.com selected the best deals from the 4 high quality Dutch seedbanks. These seedbanks are known for their high quality marijuana strains, reliability, excellent customer service and low prices!

Select your online marijuana seed bank:

    Dutch Seeds
    Ministry of Cannabis
    Nirvana Shop
    Sensi Seed Bank

 
[Best Marijuana Seeds]
© GetMarijuanaSeeds.com | home | disclaimer | links | webmasters | contact

