Log in or Sign up
Growshops.com - The ultimate hydroponics resource.
Click to pass any drug test!

Advanced Forum Search
Marijuana.com

    Home
    Forums
    News
    Pass A Drug Test
    Vaporizers
    Medical Marijuana

    Search Forums
    What's New?

Marijuana.com Most Popular & Essentials

    Weed Chicks

    Weed Chicks
    Seedbank Reviews

    Seedbank Reviews
    Latest News

    Latest News
    Forum & Community

    Forum & Community
    Daily Deals

    Daily Deals
    Got Legal Buds?

    Got Legal Buds?

Home > Forums > Games and Fun Stuff > Games and Sports >
A couple of fun smoking games.

Discussion in 'Games and Sports' started by SonOfAGlitch, Feb 20, 2001.

    Feb 20, 2001 Post # 1
    SonOfAGlitch Guest

        I hate that M.com has gotten so empty. I hope that all the old regulars begin posting again, in an attempt to help this once-great cheaptalk to regain it's former glory I start a thread in a pristine wasteland of an *gasp* untouched forum!

        This game is called "Choke and Lose"

        This is a game for those of you who love to bogart the bowl. I hate you muthaf*ckers.

        Sit in a nice, social, friendly circle and smoke at least one full bowl before starting this game. Get everyone at least a little high, then begin.
        Here are the rules:
        The rotation begins with the person sitting to the left of whomever packed the bowl. If it's your herb, you pick who packs the bowl. Light up and inhale, then hold it.
        Attempt to hold your hit for forty five seconds (no mean feet if you smoke alot). Everyone else in the party can attempt to do anything they like to you, short of bodily harm, in an attempt to get you to choke. if you choke, pass the bowl and you're out of the game, if you do not choke, take another hit and pass it.
        Play continues until one person is left... and then restarts. The incentive for winning? Well, depending on the party, you can choose whatever prize you want. I like to play this instead of rock, paper, scissors. Here are some suggestions for the winner:
        Winner gets to finish the bowl
        Winner gets to start next rotation
        Winner gets the pot (I mean the betting pot, if you play for money or wager something else... like pot.)
        Winner may choose music for the hour/night/until next rotation (my favorite prize =D)
        Winner chooses a slave who must do what he says, within reason.... as if reason has any meaning anymore.

        Here's another game:

        Buzzword: Whoever says the buzzword first gets his/her underwear removed publicly and thrown in the freezer, wet.

        StripChoker: you choke on a hit, you take off some clothes. It's that simple and it prevents people wasting herb. I ALWAYS LOSE. I play to lose.

        MacGuyver: credit to shnoogerpookums, my honey bunny, who showed me and the gang this. You can use anything in the house to make a nice, homemade bong. Winner is whomever's bong is nicest, by poll. Use the winner's bong for at least one bowl.

        Polish Poker: no offense to any pols in the house. Everyone gets four cards and sticks one to their forehead with the help of some saliva. The object is to make the best poker hand using someone's card from their forehead... you locate the card you want and when you lay down your hand you tell everyone whose card you're using and what hand you went for. there are TOO MANY rules to write down, but they're all seasonal. Play like regular poker. 

    Feb 20, 2001 Post # 2
    bo-battie Senior Member

        always with the good ideas, glitch....my friend's parents are out of town this weekend. looks like i'll be playing some of these over there
        peace 

    Feb 21, 2001 Post # 3
    SonOfAGlitch Guest

        Someone opened up the pound...

        ... and let my DOGZ out!

        **run jump highfive**

        god i've missed this site and my budz

        sorry... i'm just a little high right now. 

    Feb 27, 2001 Post # 4
    RIP JMorrison New Member

        Haha!

        I have to play StripChoker with some of the girl tokers around here, thats a great game, and Im gonna play Choke and Loose.

        Thanks for the games SonOfAGlitch 

    Dec 11, 2002 Post # 5
    amoR New Member

        thats not a bad game yo!!!....i'll give it a try some time ;)

        i'm sure all of u kno mexican style ;) 

    Apr 19, 2010 Post # 6
    ohhgeekush New Member

        fun smoking games

        BaseBall: Where you take a hit and have to hold it in until it gets back to you or you get skipped on your next hit

        idk theres like this shit where if its a blunt or joint, the last person who gets the last hit, (if you dont have a roachclip or something) has to eat the roach 

    Sep 4, 2010 Post # 7
    jakespider New Member

        SonOfAGlitch said: ↑

            I hate that M.com has gotten so empty. I hope that all the old regulars begin posting again, in an attempt to help this once-great cheaptalk to regain it's former glory I start a thread in a pristine wasteland of an *gasp* untouched forum!

            This game is called "Choke and Lose"

            This is a game for those of you who love to bogart the bowl. I hate you muthaf*ckers.

            Sit in a nice, social, friendly circle and smoke at least one full bowl before starting this game. Get everyone at least a little high, then begin.
            Here are the rules:
            The rotation begins with the person sitting to the left of whomever packed the bowl. If it's your herb, you pick who packs the bowl. Light up and inhale, then hold it.
            Attempt to hold your hit for forty five seconds (no mean feet if you smoke alot). Everyone else in the party can attempt to do anything they like to you, short of bodily harm, in an attempt to get you to choke. if you choke, pass the bowl and you're out of the game, if you do not choke, take another hit and pass it.
            Play continues until one person is left... and then restarts. The incentive for winning? Well, depending on the party, you can choose whatever prize you want. I like to play this instead of rock, paper, scissors. Here are some suggestions for the winner:
            Winner gets to finish the bowl
            Winner gets to start next rotation
            Winner gets the pot (I mean the betting pot, if you play for money or wager something else... like pot.)
            Winner may choose music for the hour/night/until next rotation (my favorite prize =D)
            Winner chooses a slave who must do what he says, within reason.... as if reason has any meaning anymore.

            Here's another game:

            Buzzword: Whoever says the buzzword first gets his/her underwear removed publicly and thrown in the freezer, wet.

            StripChoker: you choke on a hit, you take off some clothes. It's that simple and it prevents people wasting herb. I ALWAYS LOSE. I play to lose.

            MacGuyver: credit to shnoogerpookums, my honey bunny, who showed me and the gang this. You can use anything in the house to make a nice, homemade bong. Winner is whomever's bong is nicest, by poll. Use the winner's bong for at least one bowl.

            Polish Poker: no offense to any pols in the house. Everyone gets four cards and sticks one to their forehead with the help of some saliva. The object is to make the best poker hand using someone's card from their forehead... you locate the card you want and when you lay down your hand you tell everyone whose card you're using and what hand you went for. there are TOO MANY rules to write down, but they're all seasonal. Play like regular poker.

        The Apple App store approves a great stoner game called Smiley Jump. Check it out at iPhone Development, Game Development, Smiley Jump, MasterMind or download it directly from the app store itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/smiley-jump-v1/id389989839?mt=8
        Smiley Jump is an extremely entertaining iPhone game similar to Doodle Jump & Papi Jump, but even more addictive.

        Jump, spring, and rocket up the level while collecting asprin, coffee, cigarettes, beer, and ultimately getting to the gateway. Smiley needs to avoid or shoot the "just say no" monsters with the collected asprin before capturing the Leaf to complete the gateway level.

        Add your favorite songs, playlist, or albums from your iPod to listen to while you play. No annoying music loops only your favorite music while you play the most addictive jumping game.

        Enjoy 

    Oct 18, 2010 Post # 8
    icecoolmike New Member

        Weed Smoking Tricks: Weed Smoking Games 

    Nov 15, 2010 Post # 9
    hazanko New Member

        Ten tokes to infinity

        Ah what the hell, I'll add my favorite game.

        The game is called "Ten Tokes to Infinity"

        The rules are pretty simple:

        1. You must use a bong

        2. You should have at least 2 bowls, but the more the better. Pre packing the bowls will make this much less difficult.

        3. Each bowl must have at least .5 grams in it, but you can put more in if your up for it.

        4. Once you take your first hit, you can't take a breath in until you have finished the tenth bowl, unless you are smoking the bong.

        5. You must hold each hit for atleast 3 seconds.

        6. You MUST snap each bowl and clear each hit in one pull.

        7. Ties are broken by who can hold an eleventh hit the longest


        This game is beat with more people and ALOT of weed.
        Winner is the person who finishes the tenth bowl, or the person who smokes the most bowls. Use the same bong to keep things fair.

        Winner gets the prize. (weed, money, greens for the nite etc...)

        Every one should pitch in for the game and prizes....



        It's hard, it's fun and Otis just plain crazy when your done!!!
        3. 

    Nov 16, 2010 Post # 10
    nocleareyes New Member

        Providing you have the weed to play, this game would be worth a try for sure 

    Nov 29, 2010 Post # 11
    DoubleTricks New Member

        haha get idea (while i was smoking :) play UNO who evers turn it is gets to hit. would be awesome with all the reverses and skips 

    Nov 29, 2010 Post # 12
    jordan New Member

        yes it would be a jolly ole time :afro: 

    Nov 29, 2010 Post # 13
    REVOlution New Member

        Put on Jammin' by Bob Marley.
        Every time he says jammin' or 'jam' take a hit from whatever you're smoking. As fast as you can.

        Like Like x 1
        List
    Jan 12, 2011 Post # 14
    onesickmofo New Member

        Hey fellow potheads

        Hey guys first post on the site. I didn't even know shit like this existed but yh anyways hi to all of you.
        I just thought I'd throw in a couple of my favourite games that I play.
        I haven't read this entire post yet so forgive me if any of this has already been said.
        Firstly: budweiser (I'm sure most of you have played this before but for anyone who hasn't it's worth doing! It really hits you hard)
        ok so this is best played with a group of at least 3 or more. Ok so to start off the first person takes a toke and while still holding their breath says "bud". The joint is then passed round the circle till everyone has done the same. By this point everyone should have had one toke and said bud but have not breathed out. Ok so then once it has come back round you take another toke and say "weis" (pronounced wise) you then do "er" and then finally go round one more time and everyone says "budweiser" then you release your breath.
        So in short this is what should happen:
        toke, say bud (hold breath DON'T breath out)
        passed round everyone does the same.
        Toke, say weis (still holding breath)
        ". "
        toke say er (still holding breath)
        ". "
        toke say budweiser ( STILL HOLDING BREATH)
        then once the final person does so you all can breath out!

        I got plenty more games to share with you guys but I'm a bit high and tired right now so I'll let you guys know tomoz about the rest. Hope you enjoy this one anyway!!!!! :) 

    Apr 25, 2011 Post # 15
    Drew420 New Member

        I don't really have any, but bump for anyone who does. :D 

    Apr 25, 2011 Post # 16
    CouchPotato Sr. Member

        Animal game.

        Say an animal, hold toke, next in rotation has to say another animal beginning with the last letter of the previous animal. It works better with a few joints or blunts (something that's slow smoking basically) , so it gets more difficult. You can exhale once they've said their animal, or when you're next in rotation, all preference. Can't repeat an animal through out the entire game, if you do, you lose and sit out (optional rule, but makes it more competitive and exciting)

        It's educational too! :thumb: 

    Jun 24, 2011 Post # 17
    Abeh New Member

        I know a few, just ones I've picked up.

        Traffic lights:
        - You have to hold in all tokes.
        - This can be played with two or more people. Or one, if you really want to...
        - The roller takes two tokes and says 'Red' then passes the joint to the next person, who does the same.
        - This is repeated untill everyone has said 'red', 'orange' and 'green' without blowing any of the smoke out.
        The aim is to try not to laugh and keep the smoke in untill the last person has said 'green'
        Theres also:

        Three, Two, One.

        - Can be played by any number of people.
        - The first person takes three tokes and then passes it, keeping the smoke in.
        - Then does the same but only two tokes, still keeping the smoke in.
        - Does the same again but only one.
        The aim is for everyone to keep the smoke in untill the last person has taken the last toke.

        Theres one, thats not really a game...

        It's called captain.

        Doesn't matter how many people are smoking in the circle, if someone says Captain, the roller has to take two tokes straight away, whether there is anything left or it's just roach.
        Also, if someone gets the roller to say Captain twice within the time it takes to smoke a joint, they have to smoke the roach. (Pretty sure it's that they have to smoke the roach, this is a new one.)

        Theres also one with no name. It probably does, I just don't know it.

        - The joint goes around the circle or passed between two people, with each person taking in and holding a toke.
        - If someone blows out, they're out of the game.
        - The aim is to be the last person to blow out.


        Also, to make these games harder, you could always add another toke. :) 

    Dec 27, 2011 Post # 18
    XpeRRRT New Member

        cups

        hey guys i hail from the sunny shit hole of scotland, and here we play a game called cups, involves a lot of weed, a few friends, between 3-10 and iron lungs =D

        you will need:

        toilet paper
        coffee mugs/tea cups
        sticky tape
        rolling papers
        roach
        weed
        lighter
        coin (i use a £1 coin)

        so you start off by placing one square of toilet paper over your cup/mug and tape the corners off the paper to the outside of the cup/mug and you will have a sealed cup, place a coin in the middle of the paper, now, roll about 10 joints to start off, (told ya you'll need alot of weed) light the joint and use the burning end to burn a hole through the paper, this makes one hole, therefore you take 1 toke, the object of the game is not to join any holes together and inevitably not let the coin drop, after a while you will notice that there is no option but to join a hole, when you join your holw with another, you must take 2 tokes, if you join your hole with 2 holes you take 3, and so fourth, now here's the biggie, if your hole makes the coin drop then you must power toke a whole joint to yourself, (you can not back out)

        for people thinking they will just join 9 holes to get more tokes, just wait till the coin drops, you wont be so smart then =D

        terminology for people who dont understand any terms:

        tea - a drink that people from britain drink a lot (im scottish, not english)
        power toke - toke, let the smoke into your lungs, and without breathing out, toke again. 

    Jan 6, 2012 Post # 19
    eamo420 New Member

        Cups - The smoking game

        Cups
        There's a lot of rules but it's such a fun game. You'll need about 10 joints for it. You've gotta use a bit of tactics and mess with other players heads. Try it out sometime. 

(You must log in or sign up to reply here.)
Share This Page
0
Users found this page by searching for:

    smoking games
    ,
    weed smoking games
    ,
    smoking weed games
    ,
    pot smoking games,
    smoking games weed,
    marijuana games,
    smoking game,
    fun smoking games,
    pot games,
    marijuana smoking games

Find your doctor!
Be part of the community.
It's Free, join today!
Join Now
News regarding the migration can be found here and members can discuss feedback in this thread!
Share This Page
0
Mar 20, 2012
from WeedMaps TV

Today's Featured Video:
The Daily Bake - Introducing the NORML News One-Hitter
Welcome to Marijuana.com

Featured Sponsors

    Weedmaps Street Team
    Weedmaps.com
    Weed Doctors
    Growshops
    Five Point Wellness Center
    Growshops
    Seedmine
    420 Dating
    WeedBlog.com
    Stoner Forums
    NORML
    Home Grown Bud

Sponsor Showcases

    WeedMaps
    Little Deeper Sex Cushion
    Herbivore Designs
    WeedMaps/Doctors
    Marijuana Seeds
    Hydroponics Systems
    How To Pass A Drug Test

Advertisement
BC Northern Lights - Grow your own
Helpful Apps!
Marijuana.com App Marijuana.com Iphone App Marijuana.com Android App Go Now!
Find Your Buds! Marijuana.com Iphone App Marijuana.com Android App Go Now!
Advertisement
BC Northern Lights - Grow your own

Currently, there are 167064 Active Users.

    Recent Discussions
    Looking to buy a Vaporizer
    New to Vegas
    New Bowl :)
    Test pure platinum sucks
    The Lonely Stoner And His Dog
    My pipe = gone
    Advice for a tolerance break?
    If you're high right now, post in this...
    Pharmacy Technician - Drug Testing??
    Horrible feeling after smoking weed

    Forum Categories
    News
    Main
    Lifestyle
    Knowledge
    Fine Arts
    Games and Fun Stuff
    Paraphernalia Place
    Drug Testing
    Feedback
    Wikiweedia

    Recent Articles
    Dab Life: A Brief and Wondrous History o...
    U.S. Attorney Says She Closes Collective...
    Question of the Day
    Herbivore Designs: "The Premier Source f...
    Strain of the Day: Afgoo
    Three Washington Dispensaries Raided, Fi...
    Richard Branson (Sorta) Asked Obama For ...
    Can The Cops See If I Am Texting About M...
    Phototron Inc: Indoor Growing is Wave of...
    Strain of the Day: Purple Kush

    Featured Sponsors
    Weedmaps Street Team
    Weedmaps.com
    Weed Doctors
    Growshops
    Little Deeper Sex Cushion
    SeedMine
    420 Dating
    WeedBlog.com
    Stoner Forums
    Herbivore Designs
    Hydroponics Systems
    How To Pass A Drug Test

    Contact
    Advertise
    About

© 2012 Weedmaps Media Inc.

