							
	
							
			
	 

     

    SITEMAP

    HOME

    INDOOR

    OUTDOOR
    FEMINIZED
    AUTO FLOWERING

    SEED SPECIALS

    PAYMENT

    FAQs

    LINKS

     

     

          TOP 10 SELLERS

   1.   WHITE WIDOW

   2.   BIG BUD

   3.   NORTHERN LIGHTS

   4.   CRYSTAL

   5.   ICE

   6.   WHITE RHINO

   7.   PURPLE POWER

   8.   THC BOMB

   9.   BUBBLEGUM

  10.  HOLLANDS HOPE





 

 

 

 

 
		
	
	


MARIJUANA SEEDS

Marijuana-Seeds.nl offers the highest quality marijuana seeds (cannabis seeds) in the world at excellent prices. 

SPECIAL: 5 FREE marijuana seeds with every order*

    Our Marijuana seeds ( Cannabis Seeds ) are hand checked so you get the best

    We stock the most popular varieties of marijuana seeds e.g. White Widow and Northern Lights

    We ship seeds worldwide, discreetly packaged in crush proof envelopes

    Seeds are batch tested in Holland & have 90% plus germination rate if germinated correctly

    We stock the most awarded marijuana strains such as Cannabis Cup & High Times Cup winners.  Almost every variety we stock has won awards!

    We stock an excellent range of feminized marijuana seeds

  	VALUE PACKS
(30 marijuana seeds per pack) 	  	INDOOR SEEDS
(10 marijuana seeds per pack) 	  	

OUTDOOR SEEDS
(10 marijuana seeds per pack)
	 
  	

Click here to view our full range of value packs 	  	

Click here to view our full range of indoor marijuana seeds 	  	



Click here to view our full range of outdoor marijuana seeds
	 
  	


VALUE PACKS

Try our marijuana seeds value packs (a great way to try different varieties while saving money)

You save 12-17GBP (24-34 USD) on the regular prices (10 packs price)

Value packs include 10 seeds of 3 varieties giving you a TOTAL pack of 30 marijuana seeds at a great discount!

Our value packs give you a superb mix of the most popular and awarded marijuana seeds available, selectively chosen from our best sellers.

Our marijuana seeds value packs include:

CLASSIC PACK
10 Bug Bud seeds
10 Northern Lights seeds
10 Bubblegum seeds
Try this pack for a classic mix of Cannabis Cup winners. You save £17 GBP (approx $34 USD).

SUPER STRONG PACK
10 White Widow
10 Crystal
10 Ice
This pack will blow your mind, a great selection of high THC and crystalline varieties.  You save £21 GBP (approx $41 USD).

OUTDOOR PACK
10 Purple White Widow
10 Durban Poison
10 Hollands Hope
A selection of the most hardy and pest resistant marijuana seeds available.
	  	

 
Indoor Marijuana Seeds

Marijuana-Seeds.nl offers a great range of popular indoor marijuana seeds varieties.

Check out our great selection of top selling and awarded indoor marijuana seeds like White Widow, Master Kush, Big Bud, the original Skunk and Blueberry

All marijuana (cannabis) seeds are sold in packs of 10

Optimised for indoor growing

Our indoor varieties can usually be grown successfully outdoors as well

Excellent female ratios

Excellent germination rates

Quality seeds from Dutch growers

You can view all the indoor marijuana seeds on one page here, or, go straight to the full descriptions by using the sitemap.

All marijuana seed varieties are sent world wide in crush proof discrete stealth packaging. Please read the disclaimer at the bottom of the page prior to purchasing.
	  	


Outdoor Marijuana Seeds

Our outdoor marijuana seeds are a selection of popular favourites optimised for outdoors.

Our Dutch seeds have excellent female ratios with high rates of resistance to stress such as cold, pests and disease.

Sold in packs of 10, popular varieties include Holland's Hope, Afghani, Durban Poison, Purple Power and more.

Although most indoor varieties grow well outdoors, sometimes it pays to select a variety which grows bigger or can stand up to problems better. Some marijuana seeds varieties will grow better than others in cold climates or further north for example. Our outdoor marijuana seeds range has many such strains bred to overcome most common problems.

You can view all the outdoor marijuana seeds on one page here, or, go straight to the full descriptions by using the sitemap.

All marijuana seed varieties are sent world wide in crush proof discrete stealth packaging. Please read the disclaimer at the bottom of the page prior to purchasing.
	 
  	

Marijuana seeds value packs start at £46 (approx $89 USD), a saving of up to £12 GBP (approx $24 USD)
	  	

Indoor marijuana seeds start at £11 GBP
(approx $21 USD)
	  	

Outdoor marijuana seeds start at £11 GBP
(approx $21 USD)
	  	

    High female ratios

    5 free marijuana seeds with each order

    We stock the strongest strains of marijuana seeds in the world

    High levels of THC

    Discreetly shipped worldwide with stealth delivery

    You must read disclaimer at bottom of the page before purchasing seeds

    Pay with credit card, bank transfer, cash or money order. More info.

For information on growing see Marijuana Growing & Hydro Setups page.

Marijuana Seeds (Cannabis seeds) of the highest quality at great prices & the most awarded varieties!  Finding high quality Marijuana Seeds (Cannabis seeds) at reasonable prices can be difficult.  Look no further for a reliable supplier of  top quality Marijuana Seeds and Cannabis Seeds on the internet.  Dutch quality Marijuana Seeds (Cannabis Seeds) wherever you live.  Marijuana-Seeds.nl selection of Marijuana Seeds (Cannabis Seeds) is amongst the finest  in the world. We stock only the most popular and awarded varieties of Marijuana Seeds (Cannabis Seeds) so you don't need to do the run around.  We offer fast stealth delivery of Marijuana Seeds (Cannabis Seeds)  world wide.
	


SPECIAL: 5 FREE marijuana seeds with every order*

DISCLAIMER

Please be aware that the cultivation of Marijuana is a Criminal Offence in many jurisdictions around the world. In fact the importation of marijuana seeds is also illegal in some countries around the world. It is an offence under the Mis-use of Drugs Act 1974 to Cultivate any plant of the Genus Cannabis within the UK. We only sell marijuana Seeds as souvenirs. We therefore can give no guarantees regarding germination.  We will send Marijuana, Cannabis Seeds to any country around the world. HOWEVER please note that YOU importing these seeds may be a CRIMINAL OFFENCE for which the punishment may well be far in excess of the actual crime. Marijuana-Seeds.nl do not encourage anyone to act in contravention of the LAW in their jurisdiction and expect customers to check their local laws and to act in accordance with them. If seeds are ordered outside the eu and do not arrive due to customs regulations we cannot re send. Marijuana-Seeds.nl specifically deny any product or company liability, we again stress that our marijuana seeds are sold for novelty purposes only. You must be 18 years old! Check your own laws!

© Copyright 2012 by Marijuana-Seeds.nl. All rights reserved.

 
\

