    Home
    California
    Card
    Dispensaries
    State Laws
    Benefits
    Marijuana Strains
    News
    Vaporizers
    Forum

RSS FEEDS
(what is rss feed?)
Medical Marijuana Dispensaries, Cards and Doctors
	 
 

Our goal is to help promote the legalization of medical marijuana. All people with these medical conditions should be able to purchase medicinal marijuana without fear of breaking the law.

To get medical marijuana in the USA, follow these steps:

    Determine whether it is legal to use marijuana in the state you live in to treat your medical condition(s).
    Find a marijuana doctor in your local area, the clinic will be able to determine whether you qualify for medical weed, to treat your condition. If you qualify they will be able to provide you with a medical cannabis card.
    When you have your medical marijuana card, you will then be able to purchase legal marijuana from a local marijuana dispensary.

We recently started our marijuana forum to provide our visitors with another way to interact with each other.

If you are thinking about starting a medical marijuana business, opening a dispensary can be lucrative and fulfilling, you get to provide medicine to people in need.

One of the main reasons I started the blog was to make people realise that marijuana may be the best drug to treat their medical condition(s). It has low side affects and is less addictive than many prescription medications.
The top 10 high yielding Marijuana Strains
	February 1st, 2012
 

As always, these seeds and strains will only reach their maximum potentials if bred and taken care of properly. A lot of these strains you will recognize as commonplace in medical marijuana dispensaries–and that’s no coincidence. Higher yielding (and high quality) strains GENERALLY equal higher profit margins and easier growth parameters, particularly in non-medical states [...]
Full post
Comment
Tags: medical marijuana strains
Should Anxiety be treated with Medical Marijuana?
	January 25th, 2012
 

How to Change the Language of Cannabis Use – An Anxiety Example For the government to accept cannabis use as an acceptable recreational drug, it’s clear that something needs to change. While opinions of marijuana have become more lax over time, the degree of change is moving far too slowly. Part of the problem is [...]
Full post
Comment
Tags: medical marijuana uses
Proposed Medical Marijuana Trial in Australia
	January 10th, 2012
 

A group is once again pushing for a trial of medical marijuana in Australia, which now considers the use of cannabis for any purposes illegal. The NSW Greens are pushing for a 12-month trial of medical use of marijuana to treat chronic pain and other illnesses. “A trial is well past time given both the [...]
Full post
Comment
Tags: medical marijuana patients
Complications at the College Level with Medical Marijuana
	December 19th, 2011
 

Legalization of medical marijuana has opened the door to a natural means for patients suffering from certain chronic ailments to find relief. Though some states and counties have passed laws providing ways to legally obtain marijuana for medicinal purposes, possession is still problematic. Medical marijuana cardholders are often still questioned by authorities, and their possession [...]
Full post
Comment
Tags: medical marijuana laws
The Top Ten Medical Marijuana Seeds for Beginners
	December 15th, 2011
 

1. White Widow White Widow, the winner of the 1995 Cannabis Cup, is one of the most popular amongst beginner growers. This Australian-founded hybrid is preferred by Europeans and smokers who prefer a more mellow high. As Steve explains, White Widow is a great strain for beginners to grow because you really can grow it [...]
Full post
Comment
Will Indiana Legalize Medical Marijuana?
	November 14th, 2011
 

Video about an Indiana study that looks at the possible impact of decriminalization in Indiana.
Full post
Comment
Tags: medical marijuana Indiana, medical marijuana laws
Page 1 of 6712345»102030...Last »
   
AK 	AZ 	CA 	CO 	DE 	HI 	ME
MI 	MT 	NV 	NJ 	NM 	OR 	RI
VT 	WA 	All States
 
Click above for State Laws
led grow light
Top 10 posts

    How to get a Medical Marijuana Card in all Legal States
    Top Five Reasons To Get a Medical Marijuana Card
    How to Get a Medical Marijuana Card: California
    Where is it legal to smoke Marijuana
    Medical Marijuana State Laws
    Should Marijuana be used to treat Depression?
    White Widow Weed Strain
    Medical Marijuana helps people with these Conditions
    California Medical Marijuana Laws
    How to Find the Best Medical Marijuana Doctors



About our newsletter

    Industry Friends
        Dispensaries for Medical Marijuana
        Legalize Marijuana
        Marijuana Heroes
        Marijuana Seeds
        Medical Marijuana
        Medical Marijuana Forum
        Medical Marijuana Grow Guide
        The 420 Friendly Blog
        Vaporizers


How to Grow Marijuana


Accept credit cards for your marijuana business
 

    Home
    Advertizing
    Contact Us
    Site Map
    Link To Us
    Privacy Policy
    Disclaimer

 

