
ReeferSmoke – A Marijuana Blog
Reefer Strain Info & Cannabis Culture Blog


                          

    Home

    Infant Hotbox — Teens Arrested For Smoking Pot With Baby On Board
    Filed under Interesting Marijuana News
    Mar 19

    Eight months pregnat and growing … an infant in the car, with the windows rolled up. It was not a good St. Patrick’s Day for all, particularly the stupid. Clarksville law enforcement received an anonymous call 

    concerning the smell of marijuana within the 100 block of Tandy Drive. An officer responded to the information and noted a blue Ford  with pot smoking teens. As the cop snuck up on the car he could smell the odor of marijuana coming from inside the blue Ford.
     
    The cars inhabitants, a young teenage couple, with an obvious I.Q. deficit agreed that they had been smoking marijuana. Officer Upton also took note of a nearly year old baby male that was in the vehicle as well.  As it turns out our two upstanding parents had rolled all of the windows in the car all the way up in an attemp to hide the fact that the two were smoking marijuana. In the bad to worse column the Officer then found a backpack within the vehicle which had a plastic bag that contained more pot.

     

     

    No Comments
    Jay-Z business partner has more than “99 Problems” …
    Filed under Interesting Marijuana News
    Mar 16

    Looks like a past Jay-Z business pal has got more than “99 Problems”… a recent investor of Roc-A-Fella Records pleaded guilty yesterday (3.15.12) to participating in a enormous  marijuana flower  smuggling ring, gee I wonder where he got all of that investment capitol.

     

    Kareem Burke, 38, faces 5 to 6 years in prison  — his sentencing will be coming up on May 18 for his roll to grow marijuana and to distribute more than 100 kilos of marijuana, said Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara.

    Under the current plea agreement, J’s boy Burke agreed to give up all his hard earned cash, his dope house and a pimped out BMW, and all of his lowlife AK-47 stash.

    J’s past partner was busted with more than 50 others marijuana trafficers in a federal drug sting called “Operation Blue Venom,” which targeted a large scale marijuana trafficking operation that dominated much of the wholesale pot market in the city.

    Jay and Burke first started Roc-A-Fella with Damon Dash back in the early 90s. 

    No Comments
    Former Indiana “baller” Busted smuggling Pot into Japan from US
    Filed under Interesting Marijuana News
    Mar 15

    It looks like things just grew from bad to worse for Former Indiana player Lynn Washington who was arrested for supposedly attempting to smuggle weed into Japan from the U.S.

    Washington a forward with the Osaka Evessa was detained for supposedly violating Japan’s Marijuana Control Law, prompting the bj-league ( Basketball Japan League) to issue this statement Wed  afternoon; saying all its players must comply with drug tests by noon Friday.

    “We will release everything in full,” league commissioner Toshimitsu Kawachi said in a statement on the league’s official Website. “We will work hard to restore everyone’s trust.”

    The 33-year-old forward with the Osaka Evessa allegedly conspired with his wife to smuggle more than 3 pounds of pot with a projected street value of about $110,000 through the international mail in November.

    Now this is where it all starts to come together. It seems that Mr. Washington is a native of the San Jose, Calif. marijuana scene Where it is not uncommon to ship weed from marijuana collective location to location, so when Mr. Washington  a two-time basketball Japan-league MVP, grew this scheme to make a few extra bucks selling hydroponically grown pot to his fellow BJ League players he felt as though it was no harm, no foul.

    Unfortunately for Washington under Japan’s Pot Laws, possession of weed is punishable by up to five years in prison with mandatory labor. Immigrants found guilty of drug crimes can also be extradited from Japan and receive a lifetime boot from the country.

     

    No Comments
    Tyson Griffin Goes Down to Razor-Thin Split Decision: Medical Marijuana Knocks Him Out
    Filed under Interesting Marijuana News
    Mar 12

     

    In a stoned out piece of news dug up by the Marijuana community, it turns out that UFC staple Tyson Griffin tested positive for marijuana seed product following his November 2010 bout against Nik Lentz at UFC 123.

    The fight, and following liquid karma which took place at The Palace of Auburn Hills outside of Detroit, Michigan, ended with a split decision being controversially awarded to Lentz. Upset about the questionable defeat putting him on a three-fight losing streak, Griffin made the decision shortly following the fight to make the cut to featherweight to reinvigorate his career.

    And that’s basically all we heard from Griffin until he returned to the cage some eight months later to grow his buding featherweight career against Manny Gamburyan.

    Apparently, the 27-year-old had been quietly suspended by the Michigan Unarmed Combat Commission for his positive marijuana test. The story wasn’t reported by either the MUCC or the UFC and the fight card — which also featured the Maiquel Falcao-Gerald Harris time-keeping fiasco — took place well over a year ago… He can all ways check the internet for Weed Jobs.

    Why the information has not been reported publicly until now currently remains an unsettling mystery. With the UFC taking heat for the overall shadiness regarding testosterone replacement therapy… after asking a local expert about their level of disclosure, this curious revelation comes at an inconvenient time for the promotion.

     

    No Comments
    K.K. Ex – Kris Humphries — Appoints Self As Lawyer
    Filed under People
    Mar 9

    Well hot damn, Christmas has come early for the high browed Kardashian clan — Super shrewd (and apparently totally stoned) Chris Humphries has filed legal papers to defend himself  in his divorce case against the daughter of Robert Kardashian. K.K.’s dad was one of the Attorney’s that got O.J. “The Juice” Simpson acquitted after nearly decapitating his wife. 

     

    And in K.K.’s corner attorney Laura Wasser who is  hands-down one of the more prominent divorce attorneys in Beverly Hills, with a client list that reads like a Who’s Who in Hollyweed — everyone from Angelina Jolie to Britney Spears has been represented by this prominent divorce female attorney.

    Hot tip Kris — Give up man. This lady smokes chumps like you for breakfast… Note the Ray J. blunt she’s sucking down here.

     

    No Comments
    Marijuana + Mice = Skinny People
    Filed under Interesting Marijuana News
    Mar 8

    Stoping a marijuana-like chemical within the brain may help fuel easy weight reduction, according to an interesting new study on rodents.
     
     ”We discovered that these mice were resistant to obesity because they burned fat calories much more efficiently than normal mice do,” study researcher Daniele Piomelli, a professor at the University of California, Irvine, said in a statement. “We had known that endocannabinoids play a critical role in cell energy regulation, but this is the first time we found a target where this occurs.”
     
     
     
    So the mad scientists from UC Irvine designed rodents to possess a lower brain quantity of a endocannabinoid 2-AG, a substance much like tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) thought to assist and regulate the metabolic process.
     
    “Endocannabinoids are found in grown marijuana-like chemicals. The little un stoned rodents ate as much crap as NORML and played their little rat hearts out while not high, without weight gain. OK but were you able to ask how they felt with this low 2-AG level?

    Some might be thinking that this in an opportunity to say screw it, and just go get some weed and get high. Then in a mad dash for your last hope of joy to In-N-Out Burger…order a fat “animal style” Double Double cheese and screw the cholesterol count . I’m pretty sure it does not work like that though. In order to reduce my brains endocannabinoid 2-AG count I would have to stop smoking pot for years…

    I’m pretty sure the big guy… (or lady) would want my  endocannabinoid 2-AG levels right where they are…

    God (if there is one); “Behold, I have given you every plant yielding seed that is on the surface of all the earth, and every tree which has fruit yielding seed; it shall be food for you.”

    Genesis 1:29. The Authorized Version.

    And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
     
    No Comments
    AK – 48 Marijuana Strain Review
    Filed under Pot
    Mar 7

     
    The AK-48 is among the most powerful of the early finishing pot strains grown anywhere. AK-48 produces hard buds by having an exceptional penetrating aroma.
    AK-48 is definitely an indica – sativa hybrid yet it maintains the majority of its sativa characteristics in the high. AK-48 finishes in as soon as 48 days if the weather is perfect.
        Uplifted
        Happy
        Creative
        Energetic
        Euphoric
    Popular, strong, early finishing strain. Hard buds, exceptional aroma. Indica/Sativa hybrid creating a Sativa high.

    Tagged as: AK - 48
    No Comments
    Sirius Skunk Marijuana Strain Review
    Filed under Pot
    Mar 6

    The Sirius Skunk is a F1 hybrid incorporating the best of both the NL5 genetics, as well as Big Bud and prupleHaze. Time tested and resilient indoors  as well as out; a true baller and all rounder easy marijuana to grow. This great little bean has the uplift of a Haze strain and the energy of Northern Lights 5 seed strain with the strong and powerful stoning power of  Big Bud.

    This American Frankenstein of the marijuana family is 50% Purple Haze, 25% NL5 and 25% Big Bud. All three parents are renowned producers of great buds, so instead of having the best of one world you have the best of three. This is some sirius flower, check out your local marijuana collectives to find it.

     

     

    Tagged as: Skunk
    No Comments
    The First Lady of the United States: White Widow’s Royal Lineage
    Filed under Pot
    Mar 5

    The First Lady: No not Mrs. Obama — Is a real stand out in the medical marijuana seed genetics world — and may be the true mother of the White Widow cannabis strain. Most probably the greatest appreciated and most widely grown marijuana strains of the past few years in Holland. And since the title suggest, absolutely whitened with deposits of sticky resin. The First Lady constantly places high through the numerous cannabis competitions, and also got second prize (Hydro) High Existence 1998. Very delicate taste together with a awesome high.
     
    Her scrumptious flavours and ideal qualities are sought after by many people passionated marijuana farmers worldwide
     
     

        Euphoric
        Hungry
        Pain
        Depressed
        Energy
     

     

    Tagged as: First Lady, white widow
    No Comments
    B-52 Marijuana Strain: Bombs, Bands or Buds
    Filed under Pot
    Mar 3

     
    The B-52 medical marijuana strain is really a truly superior skunk hybrid when produced in a hydroponic grow room, it creates consistently well defined Bud’s and rewards the marijuana grower with a very piney, sweet, skunked out taste — along with a very cerebral high, this much loved by cannabis strain is a connosseurs dream come true. From deep in the skunk factory family seed strains. The maternal side of their family tree originates from Big Skunk Bud #1, one of the earliest commercial medical marijuana strains grown for yield. In keeping with its title, Large Bud is really a classic producer with little foliage to prune, along with a sweet spicy flavor as well as an indica-dominant body stone. Nirvana’s Large Bud continues to be bred and selected having a priority on making the most of yields, a lot to ensure that Large Buds usually have to be secured and tied due to the heavey bud strain on their branches.
     
    The B-52 medical marijuana strain’s father is a super danked out cannabis strain called — Skunk Special, developed with skunk fanatics in your mind and with an intense refinement of Skunk #1. The aromatic Skunk Special fills the area with sativa pungency. By having an equal presence of indica and sativa, B-52 provides the productivity of Large Bud using the dense aromas and tasty, mellow a lot of the skunks.
     
    This plant is the best for a marijuana garden enthusiast having a couple of crops under their belt. It’s especially suggested for that hydro enthusiast, since B-52 gives its best yields inside a hydro ocean of eco-friendly. Growing 16 plants per square meter and pruning the plants lower up and four side branches accomplishes massive bottle-sized buds. B-52 is durable and may take an EC as high as 2.6 without showing signs and symptoms of overfeeding. Grown during these optimal conditions, B-52 roughly doubles tall throughout the flowering period and may consistently tip the size with yields around 500 grams per square meter. While considered an inside plant, this strain could be grown outdoors in The country or similar environments, yielding an adult crop at first of October.
     
     
     

    Tagged as: B-52
    No Comments

« Older Entries
ReeferSmoke’s Highest Categories
Reefer News and Strains Reviews
420 Amsterdam Cannabis Cup black jack Bob Marley cannabis Cannabis Cup cannabis strains Caribbean Festival Ed Rosenthal freeroll hemp High Times High Times Cannabis Cup Hindu Kush honey oil Jack Herer juicy fruit Kush Marc Emery marijuana Marijuana Policy Project marijuana prohibition medical marijuana michael phelps mpp NORML northern lights poker poker freeroll poker tournament purple kush reefer reefer partners reeferpoker reefer poker reeferpoker.com reeferpoker freeroll reefer poker free roll reefer poker freeroll Soma Seeds sour diesel strain hunters urban grower white widow Willie Nelson
Blogroll

    Grow Shops 0
    NORML Working to Reform Cannabis Laws 0
    SeedMine Locate next seasons cannabis seeds… 0
    WeedMaps Your Medical Cannabis Collective Locator Website 0

Archives

    March 2012
    February 2012
    January 2012
    December 2011
    May 2011
    April 2011
    March 2011
    January 2011
    December 2010
    July 2010
    June 2010
    May 2010
    April 2010
    March 2010
    February 2010
    January 2010
    December 2009
    November 2009
    October 2009
    September 2009
    August 2009
    July 2009
    May 2009
    April 2009
    March 2009
    February 2009
    January 2009
    December 2008
    November 2008
    October 2008
    September 2008
    August 2008
    July 2008
    May 2008
    April 2008
    March 2008

Meta

    Entries (RSS)
    Comments (RSS)
    WordPress
    Log in

 

