Part Time Blogger
Firefox NEW Firefox 2.0 released - Download Now!
About

Hello. My name is zamri. I have a weblog. You are looking at it. Isn't it cool? There's a weblog behind every cool kid. Really.
Subscribe Me

Enter your email address:

Delivered by FeedBurner

Donation
Make Money

AuctionAds: Increase the bid on your site's income!

This Site Monetized by Chitika

Generate extra revenue for your site by AdBrite

Sell your ad space with BidVertiser

Register Paypal
Latest Entries
Part Time Blogger: Future?
Ultimate Technorati Favourite - Bring more traffic...
Triple my/your Google Adsense Revenue
Auction Ads - Another way to make money
LinkList #1
Earn Money When You Search with SlashMySearch
Blogging Secret By "Britney Spears"??
Borat
My e-mail to KahSoon.com and Advertise on my blog
Shopping Online With Google Checkout
Archives
Money Blogroll

    Part Time Blogger on Squidoo
    Mr. Eims
    Kumiko's Cash Quest
    Neterpreneur Blog's
    Dosh Dosh
    Problogger
    Shoemoney
    Blogging Secret

Great Offer

Google AdSense Secrets v3.0
Friends Blogroll

    My Directory
    Walk On Liverpool
    Rinnie814
    Junaidix
    Carneyz
    Mohd Sham Saiman Place
    a new day has come
    Dayang Senandung
    Aku Dan Duniaku...
    Nanateddy
    Dinium Imaging

Blog Sponsors


Top100 Bloggers
Blogs

PageRank Tool

Powered by Blogger
Site Meter

Top Blog Sites

eXTReMe Tracker

Blog Catalog, Blog Directory
Bloggers Unite

Urbanread
Sunday, October 07, 2007
Part Time Blogger: Future?

I want some suggestion or critiques from any blogger that read my blog to suggest what I have to do with this blog. Is it I have to DELETE this blog, Just leave like that, or REBRANDING it???

Please I need to know because I'm really blur how to attract more reader to my blog. At least, I can get 10 - 20 reader per day is okay for me. Any suggestion you can leave your comment. your comment are really appreciate.

Labels: Personal


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 10/07/2007 02:35:00 AM

[ (6) comments ]



Sunday, May 06, 2007
Ultimate Technorati Favourite - Bring more traffic

I didn't want to explain more about this. But if you want to bring more traffic to your blogs, you can use as step. This program have been introduced by DOSH DOSH. So I'm already faved DOSH DOSH in my Technorati. So if you want to participate in this Ultimate Program, You can do by :

1) Add myTechnorati as your favourite Technorati.
2) Post about this Ultimate Technorati Favourite and leave your comments. Then I will backlink yours as fast as i can.

This is simple you just need 4 or 5 minutes to do it. Just Do It.



Labels: Program, Traffic


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 5/06/2007 07:22:00 PM

[ (4) comments ]



Monday, April 02, 2007
Triple my/your Google Adsense Revenue

Although i'm not good at Google Adsense, but I think it worth it if I share it with my readers. For one to two weeks i go around searching and reading others blog, try add more friends in myblogblog, I found some interesting tips from my reading.

It's about Adsense placement, type of ads, hotspot area and section targeting.

The HTML tags to emphasize a page section take the following format:

If you want to ignore some section, you can put like this (weight=ignore):

So, after you do some changes that you need, wait for 2 weeks to see the outcome.

My 5 Cent :

Although whatever you do, still TRAFFIC and CONTENT is the key to your blog. If no traffic then you doesn't have a readers. If you doesn't have a readers, so who will click your ads. If your content cannot attract readers, then they will not come to your blog again.


Labels: Adsense, Make Money


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 4/02/2007 07:17:00 PM

[ (0) comments ]



Thursday, March 15, 2007
Auction Ads - Another way to make money

Auction Ads is a programme that's allow your site to display live eBay auctions. I'm very excited that I get invitation from Text-Link-Ads to join this NEW programme. This porgramme is joint venture between TLA's parent company, MediaWhiz and Shoemoney Media. And Auction Ads can be display with Google Adsense because Auction Ads is not a contextually based ad product and is compatible with all other ad systems.

Auction Ads at your Website or Blog



Here some FAQ about AuctionAds

Can I run Auction Ads along with Google AdSense?

Yes, Auction Ads is not a contextually based ad product and is compatible
with all other ad systems.

How do I earn money with Auction Ads?

When your site's visitors click on an Auction Ad listing and take an action on eBay you earn cash. Actions are defined as a Winning Bid, a Buy-it-Now or a confirmed user registration. AuctionAds is committed to paying out a minimum of 100% of eBay commission revenue. See eBay's affiliate program for details on the payout.

When do you send out payments and how?

We send out payments the first of every month via PayPal. The payment is for all revenue generated the previous month. There is a $10 minimum for earnings

Do you have an affiliate program?

Yes! All Auction Ads units contain a referral link. Anyone who signs up through that link will be credited to the affiliate running the ads. See more program details on our affiliate page

Does AuctionAds support international affiliates?

AuctionAds currently supports traffic from all countries in which eBay has a presence. Ad units currently only display ads in English, but all click traffic is geotargeted to the visitors country.

To clarify: at this time no ads are displayed from other countries' eBay sites. When a non-US visitor clicks an ad, they are taken to a search page of items from the same keywords. As ad impression volume builds, we will consider adding local ad display.

Why aren't ads for my keywords showing?

If you're loading a page for the first time with a new keyword, relevant ads won't be cached in the system. Rest assured that in less than a few seconds, ads for your keywords will be displayed. In the mean time, some of the most popular items on eBay are displayed. These ads will only appear on the first load of a new keyword ad, or on extremely low-traffic sites. Even though it only takes a few seconds, please allow for a few minutes before assuming that non-relevant ads are being displayed.

Can I use the same account for multiple sites?

Yes. You can use the same AA account on as many sites as you want. You can use the flexibility of the campaign feature to keep track of statistics for different sites, or different areas of different sites.

How many ad units can I run on a page?

There is no limit.

Join Auction Ads


Labels: Make Money, Marketing/Online Revenue


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 3/15/2007 10:25:00 PM

[ (0) comments ]



Wednesday, March 07, 2007
LinkList #1


Introduce you LinkList #1. LinkList will provide a blogs that can help us (include me) how to make money with blog. Mainly target is to helping each bloggers especially to a new bloggers to gain some reference and information about get paid to programme, affiliate marketing, niche, traffics and many more in order to start their new online revenue. Hopefully, LinkList will be helpful and informative to bloggers.


Labels: LinkList


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 3/07/2007 11:49:00 PM

[ (0) comments ]



Wednesday, February 28, 2007
Earn Money When You Search with SlashMySearch

How many time using search engine to find your topic of interest? Are you interested to make money while you complete your search? If this two question give a positive answers than you should join this program.

I'm average per day will do a search almost 30 - 35 times per day including in office and at home. So, I think it's benefit if I'm register in this program and try it for a week and not only results from searching that I get but I'm also being paid by SlashMySearch. Not only that, they will pay you if someone register under you.

One thing that have taken my sight that SlashMySearch not as good as what I thought or if compare with Google or Yahoo, their level still to far. May be, this program still in beta or testing. Just wait and see whether their search engine will capable to compete or not with others search such as Yahoo or Google.

Labels: Make Money, Marketing/Online Revenue


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 2/28/2007 11:56:00 PM

[ (0) comments ]



Tuesday, February 27, 2007
Blogging Secret By "Britney Spears"??

How come Britney Spears have her own blogging secret? Is it she really have a time to blogging or maybe she have PR to write a blog for her. Hmm . . .really weird.




But please don't shock about this title. Yes, is not about "Britney spears with her blogging secret" but how Kumiko relate blogging secret with Britney Spears life. Hmm... if you read it from Kumiko's blog I think you agree with me that what she write about blogging secret is same to how Britney Spears try to expose herself. How brilliant Kumiko using popular icon to describe about blogging secret. After this, maybe some of Hollywood icon will be used as example to describe about blogging. Maybe after this is Paris Hilton or Christina Aguilera!!

Labels: Blogging Secret, Make Money


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 2/27/2007 10:17:00 PM

[ (2) comments ]



Sunday, February 25, 2007
Borat

Who pictures is this ? Is look familiar with you ? Read more about this guy.



Labels: Fun


[ Read More ]

Posted by Zamri@ 2/25/2007 06:54:00 PM

[ (2) comments ]



Advertise Here

Buy to Let Mortgages

Adsense Traffic Secrets
Secrets how to bring more traffic to your adsense blog/web by Joel Comm

Minisitesecretsrevealed
Get your hands on Dan Kelly's "Mini-Site Secrets Revealed" absolutely free!!

Join SlashMySearch
Earn money when you search!

WordPageBuilder
Discover a simple step-by-step software tool changing the way site owners distribute content while converting old dusty eBooks and Special Reports into Money Magents...in just 6 simple steps!

MINISITE - D.I.Y
Make Your Own Mini Sites in Just 30 Minutes ~ Without Being a Web-Techie, Buying Expensive Software or Paying Huge Web Design Fees
Sponsors

s

Your Ad Here

Your Ad Here

Base layout by Firdamatic
Graphics by zamri
Powered by Blogger
Valid XHTML and CSS

Part-time Blogger

