A Girl's Diary..

It is a description of few moments of my life.Few achievements, few failures, few happiness and so on....Somewhere you will find cooking tips,somewhere my day to day experiences and somewhere my dreams,my passion... Hope you will identify with me the girl inside you.
Event: Bake With Your Heart

    Home
    Tip of the Day
    Awards
    Events and Round ups

Tuesday, March 27, 2012
Prawn Biriyani
Biriyani as we all know is all about cooked rice with spices and non-veg/veg. It is said that the origin of biriyani is from Iran. But in India this dish has achieved such a high popularity that it has become our own dish now. India being the land of spices , has several delicious recipes of biriyani. Prawn biriyani is one of them.


Ingredients :

1. Prawn- 12
2. Turmeric powder- 1/2 tsp
3. Red chilly powder- 1 tbs
4. Black pepper powder- 1/4 tsp
5. Salt to taste
6. Onion- 1/2
7. Curry leaf- 5 to 6
8. Cumin powder- 1 tsp
9. Curd- 2 large tbs
10. Biriyani flower- 1/2 tsp 
11. Cumin seed- 1 tsp
12. Black pepper- 1 tsp
13. Rice- 1 and 1/2 cup
14. Ghee- as needed
15. Milk- 1/4 cup
16. Oil- 2 tbs
17. Cinnamon- 2
18. Bay leaf- 1
19. Green cardamom- 2
20. Clove- 4
21. Ginger paste- 1 tsp
22. Garlic paste- 1 tbs
23. Lemon juice- 1 tbs

Procedure :


In a bowl add the prawn , turmeric , 1/2 tsp chilly powder , pepper powder and a little salt. Sprinkle the lemon juice and marinate the prawns for half an hour. Make a paste of the onion. In a pan heat 1 tsp oil and add bay leaf , cinnamon , cardamom and cloves. Fry them until they leave a nice aroma. Add the rice (soaked in water for half an hour) and fry for a minute or two. Add 1 tsp chilly powder , salt and 1/2 tsp cumin powder. Add water and cover the pan. Cook the rice on medium flame until its just done. Turn off the heat and keep the rice covered. In a separate pan add remaining oil and fry the prawns over medium heat. 


Fry for 3 to 4 minutes as excess frying may turn the prawns a bit hard. In the same oil fry the onion paste until it turns dark. Add the ginger-garlic paste , remaining chilly powder , salt , cumin powder , chopped curry leaves and fry. Separately dry roast the biriyani flower , cumin and pepper and blend them. Add 1 tsp of this powder to the onion mixture. Fry for 3 to 4 minutes and add curd. Cook until the mixture leaves oil. Add the prawns and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes and turn off the heat. In a large pan brush the bottom with ghee and spread one layer of the rice and then spread a layer of the prawn mixture. Add some milk and 1 tsp of the blended powder. Thus keep layering. Now place the pan on 'dum' for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve the hot prawn biriyani with simple curd.


You might also like:
Mushroom Bread
Fish in Pepper-Honey Sauce (Honey Fish)
Baby (Corn) Lollypop
LinkWithin
Posted by khushi at 12:09 AM 10 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Saturday, March 24, 2012
Chicken Leek Soup
Another soup recipe for non vegetarians. Leek has a mild onion like taste. Its crunchy when raw. And turns very soft after boiling. It is also used to make stocks. Here I have made a very old soup recipe which is recognized for its healthy aspects.


Ingredients :

1. Leek (chopped)- 1 and 1/2 cup
2. Onion (finely chopped)- 2 tbs
3. Chicken broth- 400 gm
4. Salt to taste
5. Black pepper powder- 1/2 tsp
6. Sour cream- 1/2 cup
7. Milk- 1/3 cup
8. Lemon juice- 1 tbs
9. Butter- 3 tbs
10. Potato (boiled)- 1/2 cup


Procedure :


Chop the white part of the leek into thin slices. In a pan heat the butter and add onion , leek. Mix well and cook over medium heat covering the pan. This will help the vegetable to soften fast. When onion will turn translucent , add the chopped boiled potato. Mix well. Add salt and pepper. You can mix a little extra salt as at the end you will be adding , cream , milk etc. Pour the chicken broth to the mixture and cover the pan. Let it cook for 6 to 8 minutes until the vegetables are done. Turn off the heat. Let it come down to room temperature. Blend the soup. 


Now pour the smooth soup in a pan. Heat the pan. Add the cream , milk and mix well. Stir it so that it does not form lumps. When the soup starts boiling , turn off the heat. Serve it hot and sprinkle the lemon juice on top of it.


Posted by khushi at 10:50 AM 6 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Wednesday, March 21, 2012
Baked Dahi Kebab
Dahi kebab was a sweet surprise to my husband. He never thought that curd can be used in making a solid kebab....but the kebabs turned out to be very crispy and tasty. 


Ingredients :

1. Curd- 1 cup
2. Paneer- 200 gm
3. Cornflour- as needed
4. Green chilly- 3
5. Cumin powder- 1/2 tsp
6. Ajwain- 1/2 tsp
7. Black pepper powder- 1/2 tsp
8. Chaat masala- 1 tsp
9. Salt to taste
10. Garlic- 2 cloves
11. Ginger- 1/2" stick
12. Oil
13. Ghee

Procedure :


In a large bowl add grated paneer , curd , finely chopped green chilly , ajwain , cumin powder , pepper , chaat masala , salt and minced garlic-ginger. Mix it well. Now add 4 tsp cornflour and mix again. Now brush cooking oil in a baking pan and take medium sized balls from the curd mixture and dip it in cornflour and press a little between palms. Place the tikkis on the baking plate.


 Pre heat the oven at 450 F and bake the kebabs for 25 minutes or until they turn brown. Change the side of the kebab in between. After its done , brush the kebabs with ghee and serve hot.

Posted by khushi at 9:15 PM 15 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Monday, March 19, 2012
Moong-Paneer Seekh Kebab
A very delicious veg kebab recipe......sometimes we (the non-vegetarians) get surprised with the veg delicacies whenever we try a new thing. This kebab is one of those surprises. A perfect recipe for a party.I loved it...and  when I am updating the pictures of this recipe right now, my husband  is telling me that he wants those kebabs once again!!


Ingredients :

1. Moong daal (split)- 100 gm
2. Paneer- 100 gm
3. Salt to taste
4. Green chilly- 2
5. Bread (wheat)- 1 slice
6. Black pepper powder- 1/2 tbs
7. Cumin powder- 1/2 tsp
8. Oil- 1 tbs
9. Garlic- 2 cloves
10. Ginger- 1/4" stick
11. Ghee/melted butter


Procedure :


Soak the daal in water for 3 to 4 hours and drain it. Grate the paneer. Blend the moong daal with garlic , ginger and green chilly. The paste should not be too smooth. Take the bread slice and make dry bread crumbs from it(put it in the blender and blend for a minute). In a large mixing bowl , add all the ingredients except the oil and mix well. Now heat a non stick pan and add the oil. When the oil is a little hot , add this mixture and keep stirring it with a spoon. Keep the flame on medium. Mix the moong daal mixture well and turn off the gas when it turns a little dark. It takes hardly 5 to 7 minutes. Let the mixture cool down a little. Put some oil in the seekh. Take medium sized ball from the mixture and make kebabs in the seekh. Brush a little oil all over the kebabs. Pre heat the oven at 450 F and place the kebabs on the rack. Bake for 20 minutes or until they turn brown. Change the side of the kebab in between. When it is done, take out the kebabs from the seekh and brush with melted butter or ghee. This will help the kebab to retain a moist texture.


Sending this recipe to the event I'm the star and Bake fest created by Vardhini .
Posted by khushi at 7:36 AM 19 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Friday, March 16, 2012
Palak Paneer
In our house we both have always been in anti-palak group. We had tried different versions of paneer recipes but not the simplest  Palak Paneer!! Its just that we thought we won't like the taste of spinach at all. But we were wrong!! This simple vegetarian recipe won our heart. It is a healthy recipe indeed.



Ingredients :

1. Paneer- 10 to 12 medium pieces
2. Spinach (Palak)- 2 bunches
3. Salt to taste
4. Oil- 2 tbs
5. Green chilly- 4
6. Garlic- 5 cloves
7. Chat masala- 1/2 tsp
8. Lemon juice- 1 tbs
9. Ginger- 1/2" stick
10. Sour cream- 2 tbs
11. Cumin seed- 1/4 tsp
12. Coriander seed- 1/4 tsp
13. Cumin powder- 1/2 tsp
14. Chicken masala powder- 1/4 tsp

Procedure :


In a pan add the spinach and some salt and water. Heat it on high temperature until the water starts to boil. Switch off the gas and drain the water. Let the spinach be cooled down a little and put them in the blender jar. Add the green chilly, ginger and blend it well. Do not add much water while blending. Crush the coriander seeds and heat the oil in a pan. Add the cumin , coriander , minced garlic and let them fry for a minute. Add the spinach mixer to it and mix well. Cook it over medium heat and stir in between. After 5 minutes , the gravy will turn a little dark , add all the masala powder and mix well and cook over low flame. If needed , add little water. When the gravy starts simmering, add the paneer cubes. Cover the pan and let it cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream and adjust salt level. Turn off the heat. Sprinkle the lemon juice. Serve hot with paratha or rice.


Sending it to the event I am the star.


and cooking with love.


Posted by khushi at 8:11 AM 23 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Tuesday, March 13, 2012
Oreo and Vanilla Dessert
This  oreo-ice cream shake is a simple dessert recipe. With the minimum ingredients and minimum time you can prepare this recipe.


Ingredients:

1. Oreo cookie- 4
2. Vanilla ice cream - 3/4 cup
3. Milk- 2 tbs


Procedure:


Keep the cookies in a zip lock bag and beat lightly to break them into pieces. Now place half of the broken cookies at the bottom of the glass and press well so that no gap remains there. Blend 2 tbs ice cream , remaining cookie and the milk quickly. Now place 1 tbs of ice cream in the glass and then pour some of the blended shake. Do it alternately. 


When it is done, place the glass in the freezer for an hour so that the shake settles down properly. Serve chilled.


Posted by khushi at 4:23 AM 25 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Wednesday, March 7, 2012
Baked Vegetable
This baked vegetable recipe is a bit spicy and tadkedar. You can always mix and match different spices for this baked vegetable recipe. And that is the best part of it. 


Ingredients :

1. Potato (small)- 3
2. Red bell pepper- 1
3. Mushroom- 6
4. Salt to taste
5. Lemon- 1
6. Black pepper powder- 1 tsp
7. Red paprika- 3/4 tsp
8. Dry oregano- 1/2 tsp
9. White sesame seed- 1/2 tsp
10. Olive oil


Procedure:


Wash the potatoes thoroughly and slice them. Do not peel the skin. Make long and semi thick slices of the potatoes and prick them well. Cut the bell pepper in medium chunks. Remove the stem part. Cut the mushrooms in thin slices. Now in a bowl add all the vegetables , 1 tbs oil , salt , pepper , paprika , oregano and sesame seeds. Mix well. Cut the lemon into half and sprinkle the lemon juice on top of the vegetables. Mix again and keep aside for 5 to 10 minutes. In a baking pan apply olive oil properly and place the potatoes in rows keeping the skin side down. Keep equal gaps between each potato slice. Place the mushroom and bell pepper too. Pre heat the oven at 400 F. Bake the vegetables for 35 minutes or until the potato is done. After every 10 minutes mix the vegetables well. When the vegetables are done, take them out and sprinkle the remaining lemon juice and serve hot.

Posted by khushi at 6:56 AM 18 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Monday, March 5, 2012
Chicken Curry
The BEST chicken curry I have ever had!! This is the simplest form of chicken curry which we have learnt from our mothers ages ago. But I guess I could not make this curry so wonderfully as my husband did......now I guess you can understand why it is the best :)....This weekend I did not cook anything as my dear hubby took charge of the kitchen and he made this tasty dish for me. One thing is for sure....now onwards he will always make this chicken curry on any occasion.


Ingredients :


1. Chicken breast-4
2. Onion (large)- 2 1/2
3. Tomato- 2
4. Green chilly- 4
5. Garlic paste- 1 tbs
6. Ginger paste- 3/4 tsp
7. Butter- 1 tbs
8. Coriander powder- 2 tbs
9. Turmeric powder- 1 tsp
10. Red chilly powder- 1 tsp
11. Chicken masala powder- 1/2 tsp
12. Oil- 4 tbs
13. Salt to taste
14. Sugar- 1 tsp

Procedure:


Cut the chicken breasts into medium chunks. Make a smooth paste of the onion, tomato and chilly. In a pan heat oil and fry the chicken pieces until they leave the water. In a kadhayi heat the 4 tbs oil and add the onion paste. Keep frying the paste until it changes color. Stir the mixture at certain intervals so that it does not stick to the base. The color of the mixture should turn dark brown. Then add the ginger,garlic paste and roast until the raw smell goes off. Add the masala powders and sugar. Fry the mixture for another 3 to 4 minutes while constantly stirring it. Add the chicken pieces to it and mix well. Add the butter and fry the chicken with the masala over low flame. When the masala will start to stick to the base, add water. Cover the kadhayi and cook it over medium flame until the water dries up a bit and the chicken is done. We prefer a little thick gravy so we evaporated most of the water. Add salt accordingly and remove the cover of the kadhayi. Cook it for another few minutes and turn off the heat. Serve hot with plain rice.


It was really delicious and amazing!!
Posted by khushi at 9:33 PM 12 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Friday, March 2, 2012
Mayo Chicken
A creamy chicken recipe where mayonnaise is used as the base of the recipe. The aroma and taste of hot curry powder adds an extra edge to it.


Ingredients :

1. Chicken (boneless)- 2 breast piece
2. Salt to taste
3. Olive oil- 2 large tbs
4.Onion (chopped)- 2 tbs
5. Garlic (minced)- 2 tsp
6. Hot curry powder- 1 tsp
7. Mayonnaise- 4 large tbs
8. Honey- 1 tbs
9. Oregano (dried)- 1/2 tsp
10. Black pepper powder- 3/4 tsp
11. Ginger (minced)- 1/4 tsp
12. Grapes- 1/2 cup

Procedure: 


Cut the chicken breasts into medium size pieces. In a pan heat the oil and add the onion, garlic , ginger and fry until onion turns out translucent. Add the chicken pieces and the hot curry powder. Sprinkle salt according to your taste and fry the chicken from all sides. When the chicken is done and is brown, turn off the heat and let it cool down. In a bowl mix mayonnaise , honey, oregano and pepper. Add salt if needed. Add the chicken mixture to it and mix well. Serve it hot with rice and some chopped grapes. I mixed the grapes in the leftover oil which I had used to fry the chicken.


I got this recipe from a book called "Mmm chicken" by Love Food and made some changes to the recipe as every ingredient was not there in my pantry.
Posted by khushi at 10:48 PM 10 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Thursday, March 1, 2012
Grapes Chutney
Whenever the grapes kept in my refrigerator turns out  to be a little old , I make this chutney. This is a simple chutney but a delicious one. The more spicy you make it , the more delicious it is. We love to have this with roti or paratha. 


Ingredients :

1. Green grapes- 1 cup
2. Coriander seed- 1 tbs
3. Red paprika- 1/2 tbs
4. Kalonji- 1/2 tsp
5. Hing- 1/4 tsp
6. Salt to taste
7. Oil- 1 tsp
8. Red chilly powder- 1/2 tsp
9. Coriander powder- 1/4 tsp
10. Cumin powder- 1/4 tsp

Procedure:


Wash and chop the grapes and keep aside. In a pan dry roast the roughly ground coriander seed , paprika and kalonji and add the oil when coriander starts to leave a nice aroma. Add the grapes , hing , chilly , salt , coriander powder and cumin powder. Mix well and stir the mixture. Cook it over low flame for 5 minutes. Do stir the mixture when needed so that the masala does not stick to the base. When the masala is fried properly , a nice roasted aroma of hing will come out. Stop cooking and let the chutney cool down to room temperature. Serve it with roti/rice/paratha. You can store the chutney for 3 to 4 days in refrigerator. 


I do not mix any sugar , as the grapes are already sweet. If you want , you can add sugar to it.
Posted by khushi at 11:21 PM 17 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Links to this post
Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger...
Yummyfood Khushi

Create Your Badge
Feedjit
Thanks for Following

Visit BlogAdda.com to discover Indian blogs
[NetworkedBlogs]
Follow this blog
Top Blogs
Sneak peek into my gallery
Popular Posts

    My Passport Experience
    U.S. Tourist Visa (B2) Experience at Chennai Consulate
    Review of Movenpick Resort & Spa, Mauritius, Bel Ombre
    My Diwali My Way
    Re-issue of Passport experience @ Bangalore PSK
    The Kerala Kitchen Event
    Blogiversary and Event- What's On Your Kebab Platter And Few Giveaways

Whats on Menu!!

    baking recipe (6)
    Chicken Recipes (27)
    Chutney recipes (3)
    Desserts Recipes (27)
    Drink recipes (4)
    Events (9)
    Exotic Veg Recipes (25)
    Experiences (12)
    Fish Recipes (15)
    International Cuisines (29)
    Kebab Recipes (17)
    Mushroom Recipes (4)
    Mutton Recipes (5)
    Paneer Recipes (10)
    Parathas (6)
    Pork Recipes (2)
    Prawn Recipes (4)
    Reviews of Hotels/Resorts (5)
    Reviews of Restaurants (10)
    Rice Recipes (11)
    Snack Recipes (31)
    Soup Recipes (4)
    Tandoori Recipe (1)
    Tikki / Nuggets Recipes (8)
    Travel Experiences (5)
    Veg Recipes (21)

Views
Sparkline 64,882
	

    Prawn Biriyani

Blog Archive

    ▼  2012 (19)
        ▼  March (10)
            Prawn Biriyani
            Chicken Leek Soup
            Baked Dahi Kebab
            Moong-Paneer Seekh Kebab
            Palak Paneer
            Oreo and Vanilla Dessert
            Baked Vegetable
            Chicken Curry
            Mayo Chicken
            Grapes Chutney
        ►  February (3)
        ►  January (6)

    ►  2011 (148)

    ►  2010 (41)

Subscribe To
Posts
All Comments
U may also like

    Grocery List

Know me
My Photo

khushi
    Before Nov, 2009, kitchen was the last place on this Earth where I would step in. But everything changed with a touch of a magic wand, called Marriage. My journey began from that day to become a good cook. I started learning how the spices blend with each other and do the wonder!! I started cooking for my husband which eventually turned into my passion and while going through several food blogs, I stumbled upon the idea of writing my own blog. I blog to share my happiness and creativity with others. Hope people will find these recipes useful and easy.

View my complete profile
Very Good Recipes
My blog is on Very Good Recipes
Award Winning Recipe Blogs - BlogCatalog Blog Directory
yummyfood-khusi.blogspot.co..
81/100
SEO Stats powered by MyPagerank.Net
Food & Drink
london flyg
	

Check Google Page Rank

Add to Google Reader or Homepage

Add to My AOL

Subscribe in Bloglines
Site Meter

Add to The Free Dictionary

Subscribe in NewsGator Online
All recipes are on Petitchef
Food Blog Search
All rights reserved on photographs and written content © 2012 A Girl's Diary. Watermark template. Powered by Blogger.

