PERMANENT MAN

A Boy A Giant A Slingshot
Sunday, 29 May 2011
Bodybuilding
Bodybuilding is a sport that sometimes as a form of body modification, the muscle hypertrophy intensive, one person in this area is known as a bodybuilder. In competitive sports bodybuilding, bodybuilders display their physique to a panel of judges, the points assigned based on their appearance. The muscles are connected by a process as a "cutting phase" reveals known - a combination of fat loss, oils, and tanning (or sunscreen), which, in combination with light, that the definition of the muscle group more clearly.

Well-known bodybuilder Charles Atlas, Steve Reeves, Rag Park, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Lou Farrago, Ronnie Coleman. Currently, four times winner Jay Cutler Mr. Olympia bodybuilding title in the world.

Posted by yusray at 21:36 1 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: Bodybuilding
This is my story
this is my story about myself
i love my mother and father
because give me to study at overseas

this link can prove it my story


www.this-is-my-story.com/v/5N6L1TEY8PU7
Posted by yusray at 21:35 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: This is my story
Thursday, 5 May 2011
Tsunami
A tsunami also called the tsunami wave train, while wrong, like a tsunami is a series of waves caused by the displacement of a large volume of a body of water in usually a sea, but it can occur in large lakes. Tsunamis are a common phenomenon in Japan. About 195 events were reports of the large amounts of water and energy, tsunamis can devastate coastal regions.

Earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and other underwater explosions (including the explosion of nuclear weapons under water), landslides and other mass movements, meteorite impacts on the ocean or similar events, effects and other conditions and under water all have the potential to generate a tsunami.

The Greek historian Thucydides was the first submarine to the earthquake tsunami link, but to understand the nature of tsunamis remained until the 20th Century is slim and the subject of ongoing investigation. Many ancient texts geological, geographic and oceanographic refer to tsunamis as "seismic waves."

Certain weather conditions such as severe depression caused by tropical cyclones may have a storm surge, called meteor tsunami;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpuLlIrUYsI  the tide can lift several feet above normal levels. The passage of low atmospheric pressure in the middle of the depression. As these storm surges reached the shore, which are similar (but not) tsunamis, flooding vast tracts of land.
Posted by yusray at 21:26 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: Tsunami
Thursday, 3 June 2010
Kuala Lumpur


Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia often abbreviated as KL is the capital and largest city of Malaysia in terms of population. The city itself, which covers an area of ​​243 km2 (94 square miles), representing a population of 1.4 million from 2010th Greater Kuala Lumpur, which is also known as Clang Valley, is a city of 7.2 million €. Is the fastest growing metropolitan region in the country in terms of population and economy? 

Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia. The city hosted the executive and judicial branches, but has since moved to Putrajaya starting in 1999.  Some sections of the judiciary remain in the capital. The official residence of the King of Malaysia, Istana Negara, is also in Kuala Lumpur. Classified as a world city of Kuala Lumpur is Malaysia's cultural, economic and financial situation due to its capital, in addition to being a city of primates. 




Kuala Lumpur is defined in the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur and is one of three federal territories of Malaysia. It is an enclave within the state of Selangor, on the West Central Coast of Peninsular Malaysia. The inhabitants of the city are colloquially known as Kite. 
Since the 1990s, the city has many international sporting events, political and cultural events, including the 1998 Commonwealth Games and the Formula One world championship. In addition, Kuala Lumpur is home to the tallest twin towers in the world, the PETRONAS Towers http://www.kuala-lumpur.ws/klareas/petronas-twin-tower.htm were the symbol of the future development of Malaysia.

Posted by yusray at 21:25 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: Kuala lumpur
Wednesday, 2 June 2010
Golf
 Physical abilities of all golfers and swing are distinctive. Many clubs of today's best golf courses can be adapted to the lie angle, shaft, and length, grip type and size. Mounting golf clubs involves several steps and a quick self-assessment of his game, this custom golf club more than a fad, even professional golfers test its waters to be no. 


Custom installation is the process of adapting a golf club to suit your personal swing. 

What kind whatever their level with a custom golf club so that if you make a good swing, the club is square at impact and should produce a forehand. How Custom Golf Club is: http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=video&cd=7&ved=0CG0QtwIwBg&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvimeo.com%2F4602006&rct=j&q=how%20custom%20golf%20clubs&ei=IbqaTZu9LMS8rAfCs5TnBg&usg=AFQjCNE4vITepzzQWUVRdRgHgJ3IICL4Jw&cad=rja


To customize your golf clubs, you should know: your gender (male or female), height in your stockings or socks, distance from the wrist (where it bends) to the floor with your shoes, age, disability or skill level, how quickly you swing a golf club, club more than the record of 150 meters. 

Sex is used to set the correct scale installation of custom golf clubs. The golf industry uses different definitions of "standard length" for men and women. 

His height and distance in centimetres from the wrist to the ground and determine the length of a golf course as you prefer. Can vary the starting point for club length to 3 inches for women and men, more than 1 ½ inches. A tall man with long arms can very easily require shorter clubs than an average person with short arms. About 80 percent of golfers are standard length.

Age, disability (if you have one), the skill level of self-esteem, golf swing speed and a club that is the mark of 150 meters determines all of the custom golf club more flexible shaft evaluated combined suits.

Custom mounting sector. If you cut the ball that means that the toe of the club is on the ball, keeping the clubface open. This error can go to a swing, but it could be because the club is too flat. Thus, in the process of setting up, you can use custom golf club more upright to help with this. This means that the toe of the club slightly to compensate for the address field.


There are different methods of installation in accordance with the manufacturers of golf clubs, but ultimately they are all trying to improve their game, first with simple measures such as wrist-floor, height and hand size are taken and will brings the right size club and at what angle it should point to the earth. Then, you have a club and hit some balls. One method is the impact of tape on the bottom of the custom golf club and the impact of board on the ground instead. 

How to hit the ball on the edge of a sign on the tape showing whether the heel or toe of the custom golf club is the first to speak. The resulting mark will show whether the club face upright to be flatter or more. Then it becomes something more advanced. Analyzers to measure everything from the speed of your club for the next spin the ball so that the maximum distance from your photo. You can also measure the launch angle of the ball, how much backspin you generate and impact efficiency - all to the influence of the distance. The angle at which the custom golf club approaches the ball side spin and help solve the game

Instead of reducing their old clubs, it might be better to start over. It's a big misconception that custom installation is only good for golfers. Everyone can benefit. That is, if you have a new set of clubs with the same manufacturer, you can adjust your old set of clubs custom plan to modernize golf.

custom installation may not cure all the bad shots. Coaching, will collapse. But if you want to make a good swing, the golf club correctly measured to have an impact and produce a direct shot at your destination. That alone will save shots during a round.

Finally, custom fit is often free. But in general, whenever you buy some clubs once you have installed. So it really depends on what your budget. If you're ready to buy a new set of clubs is always good to be true.


Posted by yusray at 21:24 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: Golf
Tuesday, 1 June 2010
how to design your web site?

As the web page design 

when a customer visits your site, you can for about ten seconds to grab your attention, and then you better think about what you want to save. Some sites go directly to the navigation and content of their websites in their first "Index" page. Customers can browse the site and decide whether to buy the product or service. It is not really the wisest choice. Of course, every site has the default home page full of FAQs, testimonials, order forms, etc, but there is a better way to "capture" your visitors with the help of a squeeze. A squeeze page captures his audience with a short corner screaming and news on the customer's problem and how you will fix it. Sometimes a landing page offering a free report or newsletter. Anyway, all parties to squeeze to get the customer's name and e-mail, or sometimes ask the customer a hot topic. 

http://www.youtube.com/redirect?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vvcomphelpvv.com%2F&session_token=PwZ6xhOPyJcpTF6s8hR2ktsiHeF8MTMwMjA3MjUyNw%3D%3D

What is the point of obtaining the customer's name and e-mail? Have you heard of opt-in lists? Opt-in list is gold to an Internet marketer, because their customer information hoping to attract customers to buy the site for a product or a service that can send the offer. Spam is illegal and a large opt-in list is really necessary, all internet marketers. You can also create your list of money as an affiliate with another company. You can offer your customers an email on the site you are promoting and make a profit as an affiliate. It is a great way to earn extra income made. 

Landing pages are often the first page displayed on a website. Sometimes it is the pop-ups on the home page of the site. Are very important for all companies in Internet Marketing.
Posted by yusray at 21:22 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: how to design your web site?
Saturday, 29 May 2010
Tea or Coffee??

    You can have hot or cold, black or green, herbal or lemon, so what we're talking about tea. Tea is the most popular beverage worldwide. The discovery of tea was done in 2700bc by a Chinese emperor, also a scientist, Sheen Nun. In the Indian legend of tea in Japan and was discovered by a Buddhist monk Drama missionary. Sheen Nun discovered tea when some leaves from the garden fell into his pot of boiling water, resulting in a refreshing drink, while believed to Drama disappointed with himself for not being able to complete their nine years of meditation had cut lids and threw it into the ground, hence the origin of the tea plant. It was the first monkeys were trained to pick tea leaves.
    Tea was first brought to Europe by the Dutch in 1600bc. 1700bc in tea is sold for the first time in a trendy coffee Thomas. John Dorian was the first to sell tea in packages weighing net. The first European to write about the tea was the father of Jasper Cross in 1560, has tried the drink of a missionary. The Duchess of Bedford origin of the custom of tea, but credit to make it a hobby should be given to Queen Victoria.
    Tea slowly gaining popularity among the French and Dutch, but due to its high cost remains a drink for the wealthy. With the passage of time and the growing popularity of different process, preparing and drinking tea has been developed. Marchioness of seven was the first to have mentioned the addition of milk to drink tea provide a new dimension.
    Tea was originally grown in China and exported to Europe and elsewhere.
    The history of tea also enhances our general knowledge. When we move in time, we learned that the practice of turning has been developed in the tea estates of England, where a small wooden box marked boards closed (to ensure prompt service) was chosen for its customers. Customers come and go, years and centuries past, but to bring new heights of refreshing beverage called tea.
    China has become the operator of tea. Due to the strong increase in demand and also to maintain control over the trade of the Europeans began looking for other places where tea could be grown. This research has led to the tea gardens of India. Later, tea was imported from Europe, followed by India, Ceylon.

Posted by yusray at 21:04 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: Tea or Coffee??
Sunday, 23 May 2010
Politic in Internet


New policies in previous figures such as television and is called a period of public information, namely, a voter directly. Now with the internet point Invention Publish son of his own political information. How the dissemination of information? Is that what the Act on the effects of expansion and the Government of the Company, or just brainwashed special root of the public? In addition, the adoptions of good policies by person alidade information age where paragraph release Debt use the switch? In this paper, we examine the relationship between the Internet and politics, and if the mayor TOWARDS Accessibility Trend and the mayor is a personal account benefit of democracy and government.


The child answered never easy to find, but working with algorithms, analysis and thinking, the correct answer is to get as possible. Answer the correct answer to hay - not so awful. All other media policy is located here on the website of Comodo. This is closer to the Internet hay in the people you follow, while others see it as a point in the Middle Avoid contact with the staff union. Anyway, the Internet obviously without Instrument Bell Toro and most politicians and used seemed implemented in their own campaigns.


Many politicians and use the Internet as a paragraph of the UN non-contact continuous flow of communication with the media, the people they represent, and all others. The site that figures to take this opportunity section Contact political everyone always faster that important information cans Colombian. This Los Mass made accessible to citizens on the street, which has never been possible by any other means of In the Past.


Ha, a subsection of the Internet with the best people, the accuracy of the information that comes in the political Communicate. Specific information on how too many the information directly to legislators in favour of an elected official. It is often possible to find information online and in detail with less effort and misinformation.

Mayor communication of a couple with the fact that each day millions of Internet access and low hare Than Perfect Place Hood candidates skills improve paragraph Increase your public image. The majority of voters want a politician can easily find what's happening in the situation, the research that the candidate who sin do believe that the study found hours Duran paragraph. In addition, the Internet allows campaign managers to policy clause allows us to offer a portion of the population, which has never been "before". This is a whole new generation of voters ready to unleash a difference, the miracles that working conditions are HACER politicians involved, courses and administration of Intelligent Communications.

Many perhaps the idea of ​​voters show their support for political parties in the comfort of your home through Internet hug. Politicians also the son to enjoy the ability to communicate rapidly with the number and social Web sites and Web sites by ITS UN offices good flow of communication open paragraph Keeping in touch with voters. To compile all that is a wonderful time when the Internet capable politician and voters much closer, while politicians in Washington or at his office do their job.


With the installation of the Internet, the son-in ability to communicate, against any public place, from time to connect one paragraph giving the largest amount of public information, services and sib able population on comments wishes the majority. In general, wonderful, no stocks in Internet time and the political style wonderful addition in the world since the fall.
Posted by yusray at 21:19 0 comments
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Labels: Politic in Internet
Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Error matching blog to blogger entry. If you are the owner of this blog, please check that there is no typo in your blog address and that you have pasted the code from the Add Ads page correctly (http://yusray91.blogspot.in/)
Nuffnang Ads
About
Log In
Your Ad Here
KakiBLOGGER
Followers
link

    michealwong
    amazon
    citika
    multizones

Blog Archive

    ▼  2011 (3)
        ▼  May (3)
            Bodybuilding
            This is my story
            Tsunami

    ►  2010 (5)

	
Travel template. Template images by suprun. Powered by Blogger.

