ZIMAN AUTO

    Home
    computer
    Parenting
    Articles
    About

    K.L International Motorshow 2010 : Proton Prototype Cars
    Buy a car at the end of your lease
    Proton Inspira By Proton : Smart Guy Get It
    Wira 1.5 By Proton 4G91 Injection Twincam
    Perdana Evo 2 Engine
    Engine Car Oil,Going For Castrol Magnatec
    Why Cross Over Your Car Tire For Longer Used ?
    VIVID Racing Engineered Your Desired
    Is The New Waja Is The Proton Inspira ?
    2010 Ranking For Top 10 Fastest Superbike

feedburner
Enter your email address:

Delivered by FeedBurner

feedburner count
Dec
31
K.L International Motorshow 2010 : Proton Prototype Cars
Labels: tips

Kuala lumpur international motor show recently being held at Putra World Trade Centre on 3- 12 December 2010.The event took place was organize successfully by MAA/( Malaysian Automotive Association ) with partner of show manager Interexpo (M) sdn bhd. The event was endorsed by Matrade and supported by Tourism Malaysia. Many other company took parts in successful of the event
such as Toyota, Ambank, Astro, Starmotoring ,utusan malaysia, suria FM , Motor trader and many more. Thanks to them all motorist enthusiast can have the experience
on many hot model of cars. A big clap to all of them.

Now back to the title about Proton Cars. Proton as one of Malaysia biggest car manufacturer company came out with their stunning looks prototype model.All this prototype proton car
model are an attraction to the visitors there as the looks become more elegant and futuristic. Moreover proton cars are more likely affordable by most Malaysians.
Recently launched Proton Inspira that was resemble to Mitsubishi lancer all this prototype car were also looks similarity to previous proton cars.
So it seems to me like an upgrade version of previous model. Let's look at it one by one.






PROTON TUAH
this Proton tuah car looks like proton persona with an upgrade of tail light and front light with certain futuristic body kits. Looks more sporty and cool from the new persona elegance.
 PROTON LEKIU
Sporty looks MPV. An Exora big brother I guess.

PROTON JEBAT
This is surely the new inspira looks with an upgrade version of body kits.

 PROTON KASTURI
Similarity to Proton BLM looks.

 PROTON LEKIR
The most astonishing for me in proton sport car line. Like a lotus elise car.











All those five prototype car of proton use the name of malay historic and famous sibling warrior. Words heard from friends who have look at the car is hopefully when they launch it the price would be affordable. Would it be manufactured for sale sooner let's just wait and see. Start keeping some money if you have a dream to have one of those car later.



Friday, December 31, 2010 |   0 Comments



Dec
21
Buy a car at the end of your lease
Labels: tips

You’ve come to the end of your lease and you like you car enough you want
to keep it in the driveway. Just like buying a used car, there is some
research to be done to nail a good deal.

First, you need to know the cost of buying out your lease. Read the fine
print of your contract and look for the “purchase option price”. This
price is set by the leasing company and usually comprises the residual
value of the car at the end of the lease plus a purchase-option fee
ranging from $300 to $500. When you signed on the dotted line, your
monthly payments were calculated as the difference between the vehicle’s
sticker price and its estimated value at the end of the lease, plus a
monthly financing fee. This estimated price of the car value at the end
of the lease is what is termed in leasing jargon “residual value”. It is
the expected depreciation – or loss in value – of the vehicle over the
scheduled-lease period.  For example, a car with a sticker price of
$40,000 and a 50% residual percentage will have an estimated $20,000
value at lease end.

Now that you know the cost of buying out your lease, you need to determine
the actual value, also termed “market value”, of your vehicle.  So, how
much does your car retail for in the market? To pin down a good, solid
estimate you need to do some pricing research. Check the price of the
vehicle, with similar mileage and condition, with different dealers. Use
online pricing websites, such as Cars.com, Edmunds.com and Kelly Blue Book
for detailed pricing information. Gleaning pricing information from various
sources should give you a fair estimate of your vehicle’s retail value.

All you have to do now is compare the two amounts. If the residual value is
lower than the actual retail value, than you’re into a winner.
Unfortunately, there is a good chance a car coming off a lease is a little
on the high side.
Don’t despair though. Leasing companies know as much that residual values
on their vehicles are greater than their market value and as such are
always on the look out for offers. You can knock down on the price of your
leased vehicle with some smooth negotiating tactics. Put forward a price
that is below your actual target and negotiate hard until you wind up near
that figure.



Tuesday, December 21, 2010 |   0 Comments

Older Posts
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Auto Parts Warehouse
Search This Blog
	

    Categories
        sale/wanted (6)
        tips (20)
    Last Comments
    Get discount for car parts
    Auto Parts Warehouse
    Followers
    Sponsored Ads
    VividRacing
    [NetworkedBlogs]
    Follow this blog
    car dealer
    car dealer
    My Pearlkids headline

    My Pearlkid Guide
        Born To Be....
        A catchy title I would say after a long nap…

        6/23/2011
        New Year Is Around The Corner
        This 2010 Year Book Is going to close as New…

        12/31/2010
        Nasihat Pada Anak Anaku
        Ambillah iktibar dari cerita yang di sampaikan, Pada suatu hari,…

        12/21/2010
        Autism : What Is Autism Symptom TO Child
        Autism What is Autism? What is the symptom? I would…

        11/20/2010
        ADD & ADHD : Hyperactive Child Disorder
        What is ADD and ADHD behavior?. Why That person is…

        11/17/2010
        My Daughter : Joy Of Schooling In Tabika Kemas 2010
        On 10 November 2010 My daughter Nurina Amani has graduate…

        11/12/2010
        Six Type Of Medication When Having A Baby
        Oh my, the baby is sick. This is a normal…

        11/9/2010
        Why Am I Blogging This Blog?
        Hi all, Hope you are doing great with your life.It's…

        11/3/2010
        IS IT PARENT OF A STUPID CHILD?
        Hi parents, have you ever heard this phrases “stupid child,…

        10/29/2010
        What She Has Whooping Cough Or Croup ?
        It has almost been  a week now and i feel…

        10/29/2010

    Subscribe to this Feed
    Headlines by FeedBurner

    Bloggers.com
    Faridreza - Find me on Bloggers.com
    Easy Travel
    Flightnetwork.com -Specializing in Cheap Flights
    Blog Roll
        Computer performance
        PEARL KIDS Journey
        TIP NINA Article
    Archives
        ▼ 2010 (26)
            ► May (4)
            ► June (2)
            ► July (4)
            ► August (2)
            ► September (3)
            ► October (6)
            ► November (3)
            ▼ December (2)
                Buy a car at the end of your lease
                K.L International Motorshow 2010 : Proton Prototyp...
    Live Traffic Feed
    My Tipnina Headlines

    TIPNINA
        Registry Cleaner : Fast Computer For Your Time

        12/28/2010
        Free Windows Registry Fixer Software Well I am not an expert in IT neither in computer line.  But  i know…

        Download Podcast
        Play All Your Favorite PlayStation 3 Games in One Console

        12/23/2010
        When you hear people say PlayStation, you primarily think of great games on a great game console. You think…
        The New Generation of Interactive Entertainment

        12/22/2010
        The birth of the seventh generation of video game consoles marks the changes that would be made on the…
        Taking a Peek inside the Playstation 3

        12/21/2010
        A lot of people know about the upcoming release of PlayStation 3 in the United States, Japan, and Canada…
        Is Online Shopping Secure?

        12/21/2010
        Whether or not online shopping is secure is one question which gets asked over and over again by those…

    Subscribe to this Feed
    Headlines by FeedBurner


Copyright © 2009 Bloggerized by : GosuBlogger
Langit: Designed by Eches Langit Blogger template distributed by eBlog Templates

