Older Posts >>
Wedding Anniversary 1.75 Emerald Cut Diamond Band in 14k Yellow Gold
Friday, November 14, 2008

This beautiful diamond wedding band features 7 Emerald cut sparkling white diamonds. The diamonds are Prong Set on a band crafted in 14k Yellow Gold .



Talk about getting some of this to celebrate your wedding anniversary, heck even use it to proposed your future wife.. NO women say No to this kind of gift..
Read More...

Posted in engagement ring, wedding anniversary by They Wee | 0 komentar
The Ultimate Platinum, Princess-Cut, Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings



The best thing about these diamond earrings is that they can be worn every single day to show them off. Flirty and eye-catching, each princess-cut stone rests in a four-prong setting made of (950) platinum. The diamonds have a total carat weight of 1/2 carats. The smooth finish of the metal and the light-reflecting cut of the gems make the pair immediately noticeable. Posts with friction backs keep the shiny pair securely on the ears. This is an essential accessory that can be worn frequently and with almost anything--it is certain to be a favorite.

These are exceptional quality diamonds. With a minimum G-H color rating, they are in the upper-most range of near-colorless and appear dazzling white to the eye. They have a minimum clarity of VS2, meaning there are very small inclusions that are difficult to see under 10x magnification, and impossible to see with the unaided eye.

This product definitely deserves more than two and half stars!. The price was the best I could find, so I still decided to buy it, and I am glad I did. It only took 4 days from the time I placed the order to the day it arrived. The earrings are beautiful and sparkly. Since I don't know much about diamonds, I had them appraised and their quality is exactly as stated. I am satisfied with this product and Amazon's service. Why didn't I give it 5 stars, though? I only had this product a few months and I don't know how it will hold up.


Read More...

Posted in diamond earring, wedding anniversary, wedding kit by They Wee | 0 komentar
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Find A Wedding Ringtones
Your Wedding Guide And Information
The One And Only Place You can find Wedding Gown, Lingerie, Shoes, Bridal Gowns, Bridesmaid, Bridesmaids and Matrons of Honor, Cocktail Dress, Evening Gown, Formal, Gowns, Homecoming Dress, Prom Dress, Bridal Gown, Thongs for your wedding
Blogroll

    Scholarship Info
    Free Download MP3 Wedding
    Online Marketing Blog
    Wedding Travel Site

Wedding Archive

    November (8)
    October (1)
    September (1)
    August (1)
    July (1)
    May (3)
    March (1)
    October (1)
    September (28)
    August (17)

Blog Design By :
itkk.org
Label Cloud

    wedding kit
    wedding Planning
    Wedding Ring
    wedding Planning Book
    Gowns
    Bridal Gowns
    Bridesmaid
    Prom Dress
    wedding anniversary
    Formal
    Intimate Appareal
    Lingerie
    Wedding Music
    Bridesmaids and Matrons of Honor
    Sleepwear and Robes
    engagement ring
    Charmeuse
    Classical Wedding Music
    Cocktail Dress
    Evening Gown
    Homecoming Dress
    Men Appareal
    Wedding Instrumental
    jewellery
    men ring
    wedding Gift
    wedding Photography
    wedding accesories
    wedding cakes
    wedding card
    women rings
    Babydoll
    Bridal Sandals
    Chemises
    Exotic Appareal
    Flower Girl Dress
    Honeymoon Trips
    Leisure
    Panties
    Teddies and Negligees
    Thongs
    Wedding Sandals
    Wedding Travel
    diamond earring
    night gown
    wedding fitness
    wedding invitations
    wedding planning video
    wedding song

Sponsored Links
Hot Deals
For More Update Subscribe Now

 Subscribe Our Reader

Add to Google Reader or Homepage

Add to My AOL

Enter your email address:

Delivered by FeedBurner
Add to Technorati Favorites

Site Meter
Partner Of
Blogger Ads
Get Paid for Blogging
Smorty pays you to write your opinions.
Every post earns you money. Get paid weekly.
http://www.smorty.com

TypoXP Blogger by Ustadz.Net. TypoXP 2 by Sunaryo Hadi. Powered by Blogger

