Pop 	 |  	R&B 	 |  	Hip-Hop 	 |  	Country 	 |  	2010 songs 	 |  	Old Song Lyrics 	 |  	About us 	 |  	Contact us 	 |  	RSS RSS feed
Lyrics to songs
Best and new song lyrics: Love songs, Top 10, Dance, R&B, Rock, Pop and MP3 (free samples)
Browse the lyrics by singer or band name: 	A 		B 		C 		D 		E 		F 		G 		H 		I 		J 		K 		L 		M 		N 		O 		P 		Q 		R 		S 		T 		U 		V 		W 		X 		Y 		Z 		# 	 


New song lyrics

Mar 30, 2012

Feel So Close - Calvin Harris 	
Right By My Side - Nicki Minaj Featuring Chris Brown 	
Wide Awake - Katy Perry

Home Again - Michael Kiwanuka 	
Shadow Days - John Mayer 	
Drive By - Train

Strip - Chris Brown Featuring K-Mac McCall 	
Safe And Sound - Taylor Swift and The Civil Wars - The Hunger Games Soundtrack 	
Eye Open - Taylor Swift - The Hunger Games Soundtrack


Falling Free – Madonna Lyrics
14 Mar 2012

Send "Falling Free" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: MDNA

Genre: Pop, ballad

Lyrics by: Madonna, Laurie Mayer, JOe Henry and William Orbit

Label: Boy Toy Inc, Live Nation Worldwide, Interscope

Release Date: March, 2012

Madonna has returned to music industry better than ever and with her, the music industry is going back to formats like Vinyl. She has announced her new album, MDNA will be also available in this format. The singer confirmed that she is not going to do a promo tour for her new record but she will star a series of interviews for worldwide media.

While the album is premiered next March 26th, it has released a teaser of a new single entitle Falling Free, a kind of ballad song that has been co-written Madonna herselft together to Laurie Mayer, Joe Henry and William Orbit.

The song released today has quickly became a Trending Topic in Twitter thanks all her fans around the world who are eager for this new release of the Queen of Pop.

See the lyrics >>

Somebody That I Used To Know – Gotye Featuring Kimbra Lyrics
9 Mar 2012

Send "Somebody That I Used To Know" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Making Mirrors
Genre: Indie pop, alternative rock
Duration: 4:04
Label: Samples ‘n’ Seconds Records
Lyrics by: Gotye
Release Date:  6 July 2011

Somebody That I Used to Know is not a new song, the one was first released in July, 2011, but the single has reached the peak position at #9 on U.S. Billboard Hot 100 on the week of March 8, 2012.

Somebody That I Used to Know is a single writen and performed by Belgian-Australian artist, Gotye for his third album, Making Mirrors. The one is featuring Kimbra. The indie pop song was a number one hit in Australia and acclaimed by critics.

The single got the attention of American audience when he performed on Jimmy Kimmel Live for first time last February, 2012.

Precisely, Gotye will start a series of shows along The United States. The first one of them will be in Washington, DC next 22nd March. The majority of these shows are sold out right now.

See the lyrics >>

Live My Life – Far East Movement Featuring Justin Bieber Lyrics
8 Mar 2012

Send "Live My Life" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Dirty Bass
Genre: Dance Pop
Duration: 3:59
Label: Cherrytree/Interscope Records
Copyright: (C) 2012 Interscope Records
Release Date: February 28, 2012

Justin Bieber’s fans can listen now his voice in a new song in collaboration with the band Far East Movement. The single entitle Live My Life is available for digital download since the end February, 2012. The song was just released two days before Justin’s birthday.

This is the first song the quarter released from their upcoming 2012 fourth studio album. It also has confirmed two more titles: Candy featuring Pitbull and If I Die Tomorrow in collaboration with Bill Kaulitz, a German lead singer of the band Tokio Hotel.

Live My Life has debuted at #21 on U.S. Billboard Hot 100 today.

See the lyrics >>

Wild Ones – Flo Rida Featuring Sia Lyrics
8 Mar 2012

Send "Wild Ones" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Only One Rida (Part 2)
Genre: Dance pop
Lyrics by: Axel Hedfors, Sia, Tramar Dillard, Marcus Cooper, Pierre-Antoine Melki, Raphael Judrin, Jacbo Lutrrrell, Ben Maddahi
Duration: 3:53
Label: Poe Boy/Atlantic
Copyright: 2011 Atlantic Recording Corporation
Released Date: December, 2011

The rapper Flo Rida released the music video for his song, Wild Ones, that is included in his second studio, Only One Rida (Part 2). The album is expected to be released in July, 2012.

The second single of this record is Wild Ones, which is featuring Sia, an Australian singer.

The music video posted on his VEVO channel has alaready watched for more than 15 million viewers worldwide. As is frequent with this artist, Wild Ones is a sticky song.

Yesterday, through the official website of this artist was posted the behind the scenes of music video for Wild Ones. His next live show will be on Pitbull Tour in Vancouver, Canada next March 19th.

See the lyrics >>

So Good – B.o.B. Lyrics
1 Mar 2012

Send "So Good" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Strange Clouds
Genre: Hip hop
Lyrics: Benjamin Tedder, Jr., B.o.B.
Duration:3:33
Label: Rebel Rock/Grand Hustle/Atlantic
Copyright: 2012 Atlantic Recording Corporation
Release Date: February 21, 2012

B.o.B. will be releasing his second studio album  in one month exactly. Before this happens, the American hip hop artist has released three singles: Strange Clouds – that gives the title to the entire record -, Play the Guitar and So Good, this last song, available since the end of February, 2012.

Well So Good has debuted at #11 on U.S. Billboard Hot 100 Today. The single has been co-written by B.o.B., Benjamin Tedder and Jr.

The other confirmed tracks until now are: Arena, Fist Pump, Ladies, So Hard to Breathe and MJ. The artist will have the collaboration of others artists like: Eminem, Waka Flocka, Sean Garrett, Lil Wayne and Dr. Luke. It is said that B.o.B. will include another song featuring Taylor Swift.

See the lyrics >>

Turn Up The Music – Chris Brown Feat. Rihanna Lyrics
1 Mar 2012

Send "Turn Up The Music" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Fortune
Genre: Electro dance
Lyrics by: Fuego, Damon Thomas, Harvey Mason, Jr.
Duration:·:49
Label: RCA
Copyright: (P) 2012 RCA Records
Release Date: February 7, 2012

If Rihanna made a remix of her single Birthday Cake, the couple made the same with Brown’s song, Turn Up The Music. The song was first recorded for his fifth upcoming album, Fortune. Brown chose that single as the debut song of this new record last February 7th.

Fortune album will be the first record with his new label RCA Records after he stopped operations with Jive Records in October, 2011. The album is expected to be premiered the first week of May, 2012.

Until now the other confirmed tracks are: 2 Complicated, I Love You, Open Road, Fools with you, Don’t Wake Up, Touch Me, Treading Waters, Mona Lisa.

The album will have the collaboration by artist like:Kevin McCall, Will.I.Am (One of those Nights), David Guetta and Seven.

See the lyrics >>

Birthday Cake – Rihanna Feat. Chris Brown Lyrics
1 Mar 2012

Send "Birthday Cake" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Talk That Talk
Genre: Hip hop
Lyrics by: Rihanna, The-Dream, Marcos Palacios, Earnest Clark
Duration: 3:47
Label: Def Jam
Copyright: (C) 2011 The Island Def Jam Music Group
Release Date: March 16, 2012

Birthday Cake is a song by Rihanna who was first recorded for her sixth album, Talk That Talk. Now, the Barbadian singer decided to make a remix with his ex or boyfriend Chris Brown (Who knows at this point?). Part of the reason she decided to record the song again was the big interest of her fans for this single. Rihanna even wrote on her Twitter that Birthday Cake was on the very top of her agenda to release a full length version.

The song was finally remixed with the collaboration of Chris Brown. The single co-written The-Dream, Rihanna herself, Earnest Clark and Marcos Palacios will be officially released this March, 2012. Birthday Cake is the fourth song, the Barbadian singer releases from her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk.

See the lyrics >>

Part of me – Katy Perry Lyrics
24 Feb 2012

Send "Part of me" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection
Genre: Dance-pop, pop rock
Lyrics: Katy Perry, Bonnie McKee, Lukasz Gottwald, Max Martin, Nicholas Strunk, Henry Walter
Duration: 3:35
Label: Capitol
Copyright: (C) 2012 Capitol Records, LLC

Few days are missing for the release date of  Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection. It is a re-release of her third album, Teenage Dream.

While that happens, Katty Perry released the lead single of this new record entitle: Part of Me, which was performed on the 2012 Grammy Awards and now, it is reaching the peak position at #1 on U.S. Billboard Hot 100 for this week.

It is a sticky song very similar to her other hits, Firework and California Girls. It is unknown what of her last boyfriends, Travie McCoy or Russel Brand (she got married with and then divorced soonly) inspired this song.

It is the 10th single to reach a Top ten position into U.S. Billboard Hot 100 Chart.

 

See the lyrics >>

A Thousand Years – Christina Perri Lyrics
18 Feb 2012

Send "A Thousand Years" Ringtone to your Cell

Album: The Twilight Saga: Breaking Down Soundtrack
Genre: Pop
Lyrics: Christina Perry, David Hodges
Duration: 4:45
Label: Atlantic Records
Copyright: TM & 2011 Summit Entertainment, LLC.

From the Soundtrack of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1 which includes 15 tracks, it is this beautiful song by Christina Perri. The song was the second single officially released on October, 2011.

A Thousand Years is a pretty romantic pop song which was co-written by Perri herself together to David Hodges. The single is ranked at #31 on Billboard Hot 100 right now.

The artist recently announced her April/May Lovestrong Tour with Sleeping at Last. Some of her first tour dates will be on:

    April 27th – Hato Rey, Puerto Rico
    April 30th, Asheville, NC
    1st May – Norfolk, VA
    2nd May – Munhall, PA

See the lyrics >>



« Older Entries



Blog updates Receive alerts about new lyrics by e-mail




More recently added lyrics

I Will Always Love You - Whitney Houston 	I Will Always Love You - Whitney Houston
We are Young - fun. Featuring Janelle Monae 	We are Young - fun. Featuring Janelle Monae
Give Me All Your Luvin' - Madonna Feat. M.I.A. and Nicki Minaj 	Give Me All Your Luvin' - Madonna Feat. M.I.A. and Nicki Minaj
Starships - Nicki Minaj 	Starships - Nicki Minaj
Marilyn Monroe - Nicki Minaj 	Marilyn Monroe - Nicki Minaj
(Stronger) What Doesn't Kill You - Kelly Clarkson 	(Stronger) What Doesn't Kill You - Kelly Clarkson
Rack City - Tyga 	Rack City - Tyga
Masterpiece - Madonna 	Masterpiece - Madonna
Glory - Jay Z 	Glory - Jay Z

Archives

    March 2012
    February 2012
    January 2012
    December 2011
    November 2011
    October 2011
    September 2011
    August 2011
    July 2011
    June 2011
    May 2011
    April 2011
    2012
    2011
    2010
    2009
    2008


DMCA

Privacy Policy

Popular Lyrics:
Fun. Featuring Janelle Monae Label | Nicki Minaj new Song 2012 March | Glad you Came The Wanted | Set Fire to the Rain Ringtone | Lyrics to Somebody That I Used to Know | Lyrics for Starship by Nicki Minaj | Nicki Minaj Doctor Song | New Love Song 2011 | Whsts the Words to Hey Baby Heard Uyou Like the Wild Ones | Waving Flag Lyrics | Jason Mraz & Colbie Caillat - Lucky | Tonight Im Loving you Lyrics | He saw the Best in me | Don't Stop Believing Lyrics Glee | 2008 Songs | Remember me - T.I. Feat Mary J Blige Lyrics | Shakira She Wolf | So Good B.O.B

Your Song Lyrics is a website owned by DD Network

Other websites from our company:

Nuevas peliculas 	Todo para la mujer de hoy 	New Fashion


Copyright © 2012

