Zodiac Signs

Zodiac Signs is love horoscope zodiac signs and symbol, such as Pisces Zodiac Signs, Zodiac Signs Aries, Taurus Zodiac Signs, Zodiac Signs Gemini, Zodiac Signs Cancer, Leo Zodiac Signs, Zodiac Signs Virgo, Libra Zodiac Signs, Zodiac Signs Scorpio, Zodiac Signs Sagittarius , Zodiac Signs Capricorn, Aquarius Zodiac Signs.
Zodiac tattoos
	
Zodiac Forecast
	
Sun Sign
	
Zodiac Signs Meanings
	
cancer symbol tattoos
Site Meter
Sunday, January 22, 2012
Chinese Zodiac Sign with Animals
Chinese Zodiac Sign with Animals. The following horoscope of the Chinese zodiac. Below 12 animals represent the rotating 12-year cycle which is the basis of Chinese zodiac.

Rat
Those born under the Rat Chinese Zodiac sign is ingenious, clever, interesting, sharp and funny. They have good taste, are good friends and generous and loyal to others considered part of the package. Motivated by money, be greedy, always curious, seeks knowledge and welcomes challenges. Compatible with Dragon or Monkey.

Ox
Another of the signs of a strong Chinese zodiac, the Ox is steadfast, solid, a goal-oriented leader, detail-oriented, hardworking, stubborn, serious and introverted but can feel lonely and insecure. Takes comfort in friends and family and companion, reliable and powerful protector. Compatible with Snake or Chicken.

Tiger
Those born under the Chinese Zodiac sign of the tiger authoritative, confident, have strong leadership qualities, attractive, ambitious, courageous, warm, highly seductive, moody, intense, and they are ready to pounce at any moment. Compatible with Horse or Dog.

Rabbit
Those born under the sign of the Chinese Zodiac Rabbit enjoy surrounded by family and friends. They're popular, compassionate, sincere, and they want to avoid conflict and are sometimes seen as pushovers. Rabbits enjoy home and entertaining at home. Compatible with Goat or Pig.

DragonA powerful sign, those born under the Chinese Zodiac sign of Dragon are energetic and warm-heart, charismatic, lucky at love and selfish. They are natural born leaders, good at giving orders and doing what it takes to stay on top. Compatible with Monkey and Rat.

Snake
Those born under the sign of the Chinese Zodiac Snake seductive, gregarious, introverted, generous, charming, good with money, analytical, insecure, jealous, slightly dangerous, smart, they rely on instinct, are hardworking and intelligent. Compatible with Rooster or Ox.

Horse
Those born under the sign of the Chinese Zodiac Horse love to roam free. They are energetic, independent, money-wise, and they enjoy traveling, love and intimacy. They're great at seducing, intelligent, impatient and sometimes seen as a bum. Compatible with Dog or Tiger.

Goat
Those born under the sign of the Chinese Zodiac Goat enjoys alone in their minds. They're creative, thinkers, wanderers, unorganized, very tense and insecure, and can be anxiety-ridden. They need lots of love, support and warranty. Appearance is important too. Compatible with Pig or Rabbit.

Monkey
Those born under the sign of the Chinese Zodiac Monkey thrive on having fun. They are energetic, cheerful, and good at listening, but the lack of self control. They like being active and stimulated and enjoy yourself before someone else fun fun. They are heart breakers, not good at long-term relationships, moral weakness. Compatible with Rat or Dragon.

Rooster
Those born under the sign of the Rooster Chinese Zodiac practical, resourceful, observant, analytical, simple, trusting, honest, perfectionists, neat and conservative. Compatible with Ox or Snake.

Dog
Those born under the Chinese Zodiac sign of a faithful dog, loyal, honest, trusting, often one white lies, temperamental, prone to mood swings, dogmatic, and sensitive. Dogs excel in business but have trouble finding a partner. Compatible with Tiger or Horse.

Pig
Those born under the Pig Chinese Zodiac sign is very nice, well-mannered and tasteful. They're perfectionists who enjoy the finer things but are not regarded as snobs. They enjoyed helping others and are good friends until someone close crosses them, then look out! They are intelligent, always seeking more knowledge, and exclusive. Compatible with Rabbit or Goat.
Share |
Posted by Priya Atmaja at 7:58 AM 0 comments
Labels: Chinese Zodiac Sign
March Zodiac Sign 2011
This forecast horoscope for the month of March 2011, based on the phase of the Moon, planetary aspects, and the fixed star astrology. During February the focus is on Mars aggression, very quickly now March the focus is on changes in Uranus, freedom and consciousness. Uranus is square the Lunar Eclipse in December 2010 degrees, and the South Node is also at the level of the eclipse, then Mercury and Uranus join later in the month of Full Moon opposite Uranus. Tension, revolution, change. At the end of March is the end of Jupiter opposite Saturn aspect, compared to growth contraction, hope rather than fear, the way to go?

Uranus is very important not only earlier this month because the Lunar Nodes square degrees in December and the Lunar Eclipse, but also because the line up with the star remains Scheat, Pegasus Constellation (right at the March 3).
Uranus join Scheat twice last year, May and August. As predicted this result in disastrous weather conditions which affected Pakistan, China, Brazil and elsewhere. We can see more of this end of February and into March.

On March 4, there is the New Moon at 14 Pisces on a small star in the constellation Aquarius. This star is the water vapor flowing from the jar. Water water everywhere! Hopefully not as far as last year because Jupiter was involved at that time, extended its influence.

Another effect of Scheat I find in history is by a general strike, the masses stood up to the government. This does not work for conjunctions years ago, but we can this happen in March because now we have a Lunar eclipse effect in December and the South Node to the star Betelgeuse militants remain, the Orion Constellation, all square Uranus in Scheat. It may be a factor in the recent protests in North Africa. Another factor contributing to this social and political upheavel is the increasing influence of Uranus Square Pluto. With the Lunar Nodes square Uranus, we get the urge for freedom and the Uranian cause change dilemma that the way to go, which path to take.

Iraq is a country to see this instability to the surface. You can see in the horoscope for the New Government of Iraq, which was formed last May, that Uranus is in Scheat, square Venus on Betelgeuse. March can present a major challenge for the Iraqi government. In the charts that they also have Jupiter opposite Saturn, and Jupiter opposition Saturn later this month in the Lunar Nodes square close their chart. Uranus is right for the return of Iraq on March 7, and Mercury are conjunct in Scheat Uranus on March 9.
Share |
Posted by Priya Atmaja at 7:35 AM 0 comments
Labels: zodiac sign
Thursday, December 29, 2011
Ovarian Cancer Symbol Tattoos, 5 Designs

 Ovarian Cancer Symbol Tattoos, there are 5 designs tattoo on every part of the bodies.





Pink Ribbon tattoos.
Share |
Posted by Priya Atmaja at 9:55 AM 0 comments
Labels: Cancer Symbol Tattoos
Cool Symbols Zodiac, 30 Pic Cancer

Cool symbols zodiac, 30 pic cancer. There are 30 pictures cancer zodiac symbol. See the above design and make tattoos on the body that you like. Cancer Symbol Tattoos.
Share |
Posted by Priya Atmaja at 9:24 AM 0 comments
Labels: Cancer Symbol Tattoos, Cool Symbols Zodiac
Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Followers
English French German Spain Italian Dutch Russian Portuguese Japanese Korean Arabic Chinese Simplified

Graffiti Alphabet Letters
New Graffiti
Minimalist Home Designs
Car Custom
Batik Fabric
Categories

    January (2)
    December (3)
    November (13)
    October (7)
    September (7)
    August (1)
    July (1)
    April (1)
    March (1)
    February (1)
    January (12)
    December (12)
    November (7)
    October (5)
    September (13)
    August (10)
    July (8)
    June (30)
    May (1)
    April (1)
    February (11)
    January (32)
    December (32)
    November (30)
    October (47)
    September (33)
    August (43)

 

Art Blogs - BlogCatalog Blog Directory Yahoo bot last visit powered by MyPagerank.Net [SEO Monitor by MyPagerank.Net] Msn bot last visit powered by MyPagerank.Net Add to Technorati Favorites

New-Graffiti-Alphabet 
