Zhuojing.Blogspot.Com

This is my blog, my LiFe, Work, my History and my BeSt Friends This is the Color of my life,this is the first time i writing my life reflection while jotting down the color of my life in this colorless world. Not much can be seen here. this because i have started to blog 7 b4 moving to BlogSpot 3 year ago and Lots of them!!! I don't Publish it as this is my Life. So don't expect to see my writing everyday then ..you need to come and find me in my blogspot if you can..
Google
Custom Search
Tuesday, December 06, 2011
Always feeling tired,sleepy,headache with difficulty in concentrating? Here WHY!
0digg

Have you ever wander why sometime we often felt very sleepy during the day especially on the buses or the Commuter and Feeling always tired, headache, difficulty concentrating and memory loss during the day? Here Why!!This is because our body and the brain are not getting enough sleep. The common tall tell sign also show that we're having sleeping disorder. Care should be show more to treat ths sleeping disorder as it can be at risk of an accident and death when a person operating a machinery or vehicles

The number of us experiencing this sleeping disorder are rising each weeks. More and more of us are having a hard time to sleep well this day. It keep us lie awake at night for hour or several hour before we can fall asleep.

Most common reason for our sleeping disorder are because of our poor sleeping habits which can make it difficult for us to sleep at night. Stress, anxiety, and feeling tense at home or at works, caffeine comsumption like coffee and cola, alcohol, and watching TV in bed are among the main case why people have trouble sleeping.

Sleeping disorder can be rid off by creating a good sleeping pattern or habits, by just doing some of the following

1.Avoid caffeine (coffee, tea, chocolate), alcohol and food / sugary drinks. Survey of the National Sleep Foundation (USA) found that 47 percent of people with sleep problems may have been consuming caffeinated beverages to reduce sleepiness in the daytime, but the stimulants (caffeine) that act cause difficulty in sleeping.

2.Create a calm atmosphere and relaxing in your bedroom which you can felt comfortable. Such as lighting , calming co lour theme for your room.You may also use aromatherapy candle, incense or potpourri.

3.Take a warm bath before bed to help the body become relaxed.

4.Drinking a glass of warm milk 15 minutes before bedtime. Milk contains calcium which acts to calm the nerves.

5.Avoid long sports or activities that drain your energy during the hours before bed. Although exercise can reduce stress, it also increases body temperature which makes it difficult to sleep.

6.Create a relaxing routine activity before bedtime through prayer, meditation, listening to soft music and the like. This activities help us to Create a relaxed body and mind.

7.Use your bedroom only for sleep, keep the TV, computer, file and job elsewhere. Your mind should be established that the bedroom is a room solely for sleep.

8.If you have trouble sleeping because of stress and tension, massage may be the solution . If can ask your partner or someone else to massage your body prior to sleep. Massage the whole body or even just on the backs and heads of great help to improve sleep quality.

Our skin has millions of nerve receptors that are linked in our nervous system. Massage to the skin will create stimulation and will release of chemicals in our brain such as serotonin which reduces stress, anxiety and depression. Massage also increases the production endrofin, hormones that reduce pain and soothe. All it makes you more calm and easy to sleep. Massage helps reduce stress, improve blood circulation, relaxes tense muscles, releasing the burden of thought while calming the mind and even lower high blood pressure.

If you have severe trouble sleeping, consult your doctor. Severe insomnia can be a symptom of physical disorders that require medical treatment.

Posted by ~3rd William Zhuo at 9:37 AM 0 comments  

Labels: Health Tips, Natural Remedies, Sleeping disorder

Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Share/Bookmark
	
	
	
powered by
	
Love of A Little World
Error matching blog to blogger entry. If you are the owner of this blog, please check that there is no typo in your blog address and that you have pasted the code from the Add Ads page correctly (http://zhuojing.blogspot.in/)
Nuffnang Ads
StatCounter - Free Web Tracker and Counter
- FREE Pagerank Checker
^My Online Revenue^
Reader 'N' Friends
Labels

    Love Reflection (22)
    Life (13)
    Dear Diary (10)
    Poetry (10)
    Rant (9)
    Chinese's Tradition (7)
    Chinese Mid Autumn (6)
    Depression (6)
    Friendship (5)
    What Is POETRY? (5)
    Love Letter Collection (4)
    Favourite (3)
    Goal Setting (3)
    Love sign (3)
    Advertisng On The Internet (2)
    Computer tips (2)
    Funny Email Collection (2)
    Happy Birthday Comments (2)
    Happy Birthday Glitter (2)
    Health Tips (2)
    Natural Remedies (2)
    News and Technology (2)
    Recommended (2)
    Adsense (1)
    Blog Tips (1)
    Chinese Matial Art (1)
    Computer Stress (1)
    Drama and Show in like (1)
    Google (1)
    Herb (1)
    House Hold Tip (1)
    Kelana Jaya (1)
    Malaysian Politic (1)
    Malaysian's Blogger (1)
    Man vs Woman (1)
    New Year Greeting (1)
    Nice Music Blog (1)
    Sleeping disorder (1)
    The Challenge of Malaysia (1)
    Virus (1)
    mErRy x-mAs (1)

My Technorati Fans
Add to Technorati Favorites
Subscribe To zhuojing
Posts
All Comments
Interested to Advertised Here ?
Interested to Advertised Here ? USD15 for 30 Day.
Gmail Here
Blog Advertising - Advertise on blogs with SponsoredReviews.com
My Online Revenue
Error matching blog to blogger entry. If you are the owner of this blog, please check that there is no typo in your blog address and that you have pasted the code from the Add Ads page correctly (http://zhuojing.blogspot.in/)
Nuffnang Ads
Geography Locator
Blog Archive
Visitor Location
Recent Visitors
[Click to Get a Live Map for your Blog or Website]
My Store
:P
Recomended blog

    Health Finding Affairs: Tips on Junk Food
    Health effects of Tea
    ADSENSE the powerful money maker program from Google
    Advertisng On The Internet


