Your Latest News

    Think Original
    The Techno News
    Flower Videos
    Linky Links
    My Diigo Posts
    Best of Amazon
    Free Art Wallpapers
    iPhone and iPad
    Anonymously Yours

		
 
Beautiful People

Japanese designer Hidenori Kumakiri graduated from Apparel Technology Department of Bunka Fashion College in 1996. Working as a pattern maker for a major brand inspired him to create an outsourcing pattern company, entertainment Ltd. From there, he went on to become planner and designer for beautiful people.

The beautiful people 2012-13 Autumn/Winter collection presented at Tokyo Fashion Week had the title of "spirit of perversity". The actual show, though, wasn't nearly as "perverse" as the title might lead you believe. In fact, the visual theme was Hawaiian, with island music and even a grove of palm trees planted right in the middle of the runway. The brand was showing Fall/Winter, so even though the setting was tropical, the clothing itself trended toward warm looks. Perversity, palm trees, and winter clothing – check the pictures for yourself!

beautiful people 2012 A/W (66)

beautiful people 2012 A/W (16)


beautiful people 2012 A/W (1)
beautiful people 2012 A/W (2)



, 0 comments
Older Posts
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Share
0digg
Hollywood This Week: The Music Video Edition
Girl Scout Cookies
Siesta Beach
Girl’s Pink Highlights
Pushkar Mela (2)
Dress with Sheer Striped Stockings
Lisa Lampanelli
Kansas City weather
Patchwork Parka vs. Kenzo Sweater
Chris Colfer
Alyssa Campanella
Blue Book
Fandango
Can You Get Cancer from Oral Sex?
Indo-Russia JV to service Talwar frigates
Pictures From Singapore’s Global Fashion Faceoff Event
Jon Huntsman
Extreme Couponing 101
Liger
INXS
2leep.com
Popular Posts

    Quest for the Sexiest Ginger: Is it Sophie Coady?
    Is she, as COED asserts, the world’s sexiest ginger? Maybe she is, maybe she’s not, but thinking about that question bought us to something...
    Kim So Yun.
    Kim So Yun (Kim So Yeon). Date of birth / Established: 2 November 1980. Sex: female Height: 167cm / 46kg. Sign: Scorpio. Blood type: A. M...
    Contagion
    ' Contagion ': critics test positive   Los Angeles Times  - 7 hours ago " Contagion ," the new viral thriller from director Steven Soderbur...
    Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez
    Justin Bieber  Calls  Selena Gomez  'Amazing' After Kissing Her & Says He May ... Hollywood Life  - 35 minutes ago Justin Bieber  may be ...
    Fantasy football (American)
    Fantasy football is an interactive, virtual competition in which people manage professional football players versus one another. Fantasy foo...
    Sister Wives
    TLC  Sister Wives  gamble on Vegas, previews for May 22 Monsters and Critics.com  - May 22, 2011 Tune in to an all-new  Sister Wives  thi...
    Pushkar Mela (1)
    Vodafone Blue
    News for  vodafone blue Focus Taiwan News Channel Latest  Vodafone  handset helps lift MediaTek shares   Taipei Times  -  19 hours ago V...
    Jon Huntsman
    News articles Where Jon Huntsman Stands on Issues Important to Latino Voters Fox News - 47 minutes ago Jon Huntsman campaigns...
    Jay Z Glory
    Before Blue Ivy, Beyoncé Had a Miscarriage, Jay - Z Reveals in ' Glory ' Daily Beast - 2 hours ago But none of them cuts as close to the ...

Recent Posts
Follow by Email
	
Pageviews
7736
Archive
How to Develop Your Sherlock Holmes Intuition
Extremely Beautiful Apple Blossom
Tatsoi
Tulips fields, Voorhout, The Netherlands, HD 1080p
Cami & Nozomi Ishiguro Dotted Pants
Lovely Lady Links: Where the Girls At and More
Benjamin Netanyahu
Danger with Laptops
How to Grow Canna Lilies
Beautiful Flowers Turned into Doggies
India: VISION 2040
Kangana Spotted at Mumbai Airport
Jolin Choi 1
Arapaho
2leep.com
Zooey Deschanel 2
Anu Hasan’ Tamil actress & TV Anchor
U.S. Kills 70 Taliban, Loses No One In Huge Outpost Battle
The Many Reasons We Rely Upon Our Clutter
Google search basics
Kaamchor - 1982
How to Make a Bow
What a Navy SEAL Can Teach You About Becoming a Fearless Writer
10 Reasons CA Grown Flowers Help Everyone!
Strawberry
Interesting On Court
Soldiers Survive IED Strike Thanks to Scimitar
Doutzen Kroes HQ III
The Care and Handling of Cut Flowers
2leep.com
Black Tie Casino Theme Designs Hit the Jackpot!
How to Do a Secret Santa
A Good Year for Fall Broccoli
Angelic and Very Beautiful
Chitra - Kehna Maine Yaad Kiya Hai (2009
"Siri, how come I'm using so much data?"
Stunning Adriana Lima
Cannes 2011, day four in pictures
How to Make Sticky Toffee Pudding
SNL: Saturday Night Live
Why Goal Setting Is A Complete Waste Of Time (unless you do this)
The Mercedes Bikini Girl
The Rut, & the Way Out
Dancers in H&M, Panama Boy, Love Boat & Diesel
2leep.com
Delightful Tuesday
Gorgeous Fashion Models
Amrita Arora
TV Guide listings
Caroline Casey: Looking past limits
Stunning Beautiful Models
Very Impressive and Beautiful Maria Sharapova (Fashion)
Weirdest Gas Masks,
Picking The Right Flower…
Diigo Posts 12/29/2011
Brussels Sprouts
Misaki Nitou in White Bikini
Carrot Soup
50 Glorious Years Of Popular Ghazals - Vol 4
2leep.com

