My life in France
I'm telling the truth. Really!

    Home
    Great food
    A kids life in France
    Get me outta here
    Barn to Gite

    Twitter down "again"?
    What is a denial-of-service (DoS) attack?
    Twitter down due to Denial Of Service
    www.rupertbearannuals.com
    Swine fever and you.
    Crazy paving can drive you crazy
    Changing the clocks
    Earth day, it's easier than you think
    Pacman on drugs?
    Social networks are habit forming

feedburner
Enter your email address:

Delivered by FeedBurner

Aug
15
Twitter down "again"?
Posted by Dad Labels: twitter, twitter crash, twitter down


HTTP Server Error 503

No available server to handle this request

Yes it's gone down again. No access on a Saturday night to all the people you normal chat with.

How can this of happened again?

Check back here later & I'll have the answer.

Update from twitter..
Working on unexpected downtime 41 minutes ago

We’re actively working to bring the site back online following an downtime that started a couple minutes ago.

Update (10:15a): We’re recovering from the downtime and looking into the external causes.




Saturday, August 15, 2009 |   0 Comments



Aug
06
What is a denial-of-service (DoS) attack?
Posted by Dad Labels: denial of service, dos, twitter crash, twitter down

What is a denial-of-service (DoS) attack?
In a denial-of-service (DoS) attack, an attacker attempts to prevent legitimate users from accessing information or services. By targeting your computer and its network connection, or the computers and network of the sites you are trying to use, an attacker may be able to prevent you from accessing email, web sites, online accounts (banking, etc.), or other services that rely on the affected computer.

The most common and obvious type of DoS attack occurs when an attacker "floods" a network with information. When you type a URL for a particular web site into your browser, you are sending a request to that site's computer server to view the page. The server can only process a certain number of requests at once, so if an attacker overloads the server with requests, it can't process your request. This is a "denial of service" because you can't access that site.

An attacker can use spam email messages to launch a similar attack on your email account. Whether you have an email account supplied by your employer or one available through a free service such as Yahoo or Hotmail, you are assigned a specific quota, which limits the amount of data you can have in your account at any given time. By sending many, or large, email messages to the account, an attacker can consume your quota, preventing you from receiving legitimate messages.




Thursday, August 06, 2009 |   0 Comments



Aug
06
Twitter down due to Denial Of Service
Posted by Dad Labels: denial, denial of service, dos, service, twitter, twitter crash, twitter down

A denial-of-service attack (DoS attack) or distributed denial-of-service attack (DDoS attack) is an attempt to make a computer resource unavailable to its intended users. Although the means to carry out, motives for, and targets of a DoS attack may vary, it generally consists of the concerted efforts of a person or persons to prevent an Internet site or service from functioning efficiently or at all, temporarily or indefinitely. Perpetrators of DoS attacks typically target sites or services hosted on high-profile web servers such as banks, credit card payment gateways, and even root nameservers.

One common method of attack involves saturating the target (victim) machine with external communications requests, such that it cannot respond to legitimate traffic, or responds so slowly as to be rendered effectively unavailable. In general terms, DoS attacks are implemented by either forcing the targeted computer(s) to reset, or consuming its resources so that it can no longer provide its intended service or obstructing the communication media between the intended users and the victim so that they can no longer communicate adequately.

Denial-of-service attacks are considered violations of the IAB's Internet Proper Use Policy, and also violate the Acceptable Use Policies of virtually all Internet Service Providers. They also commonly constitute violations of the laws of individual nations.[1]




Thursday, August 06, 2009 |   0 Comments



May
29
www.rupertbearannuals.com
Posted by Dad Labels: rare books, rupert, rupert bear, rupert bear annuals


www.rupertbearannuals.com





Friday, May 29, 2009 |   0 Comments

Apr
28
Swine fever and you.
Posted by Dad Labels: fever, mexico, swine, swine fever

Swine Fever, Swine Fever, Swine Fever, yes the kids know what pigs are but when they were told that a pig can be called a swine they started to ask the normal question which is "why is it called swine"
Which in the evening after a hard day at work usually gets the respone "I don't know, look it up in the dictionary". I should have said Wikipedia, but after a few checks I've made on Wikipedia, I have come to the conclusion that alot of the information is wrong. They would have probably come back downstairs & said that "swine means a pig that makes you i'll because you've drunk to much wine".
Anyway back to the original theme of this post "swine fever".
Are you worried?, do you think that in a week all the papers will have found something else to write about?, or do you think that this could be the one that finishes a large amount of humans beings & changes the world?
Today a man was quarentined in his house. Maybe tomorrow he'll have a big cross painted on his front door, plague within.
But in the end it will be "no he just had a cold".




Tuesday, April 28, 2009 |   1 Comments

Apr
18
Crazy paving can drive you crazy
Posted by Dad Labels: easter, holiday, swimming pool, terrace

5 tons of sand, 20 sacks of cement & 55 square meters of crazy paving.
But it was worth it.




Saturday, April 18, 2009 |   0 Comments

Mar
30
Changing the clocks
Posted by Dad Labels: back, BST, change clock, clock, forward

Should we change the clocks each year.
First we put them forward then we put them back.
Every year we all have to be reminded & many of us forget.
So let me know with the poll on the left of the home page or leave a comment.





Monday, March 30, 2009 |   0 Comments

Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Twitter Updates

follow me on Twitter

    Should we change the clocks each year
    Followers
    Links
        rupert bear annuals online shop
        Holiday in France
        I'm a house wife get me outta here
        A kids life in France
        Really great food
        Barn to Holiday home
        Thoughts about life
        Gite in the Vendee
    BBC News
    chitika

    My Life In France Feed
    Posts
    All Comments
    Archives
        ▼  2009 (64)
            ▼  August (3)
                Twitter down "again"?
                What is a denial-of-service (DoS) attack?
                Twitter down due to Denial Of Service
            ►  May (1)
            ►  April (2)
            ►  March (20)
            ►  February (23)
            ►  January (15)
        ►  2008 (1)
    Live Traffic Feed
    My Blog List
        A Short History of a Nearly Nobody
        School in the country. - School in the country. Moving from St. John's primary school in Weymouth to Long Bredy school was a big change. From one large class of about 30 childre...
        2 weeks ago
        I need to get out more
        Robert Kubica crashes in Italy just weeks before the 2011 F1 season - Our thoughts go out to Robert Kubica and his family & friends following his horrific crash in Italy a few days ago. He will be missed in this yearsForm...
        1 year ago
        thoughts about life from beyond the grave
        YOU COULD BE MISSED - *YOU COULD BE MISSED* ** ** *You could be missed.* *Afterwards, she will speak* *more than these centuries* *of wedlock and its silence,* *but you won't hea...
        2 years ago
        Cooking the way I like it.
        A LOVELY LEFTOVER TREAT - ** ** ** ** ** *BUBBLE & SQUEAK - made from leftover veggies* ** *All your leftover veggies from a roast etc. mashed or chopped up together.* *1 egg b...
        3 years ago
        my life since I came to france
        life at my school, is an adventure - At school the other day, one of the boys got really cross with somebody, that he kiked him! The boy who was guetting hurt, was liying on the floor crying, a...
        3 years ago
        Gamers Heaven
        games on the xbox 360 - the games on my xbox 360 are great! but i only have 2!!!! i have tomb raider legend I've completed round about 40 percent of the game i also have xbox live...
        3 years ago
        Barn To Gite
        Swimming pool - [image: Photo0003-5] [image: Photo0004-5] Dig a big hole & fit big shiny walls. [image: Photo0007-5] [image: Photo0008-5] Concrete the floor. [image:...
        3 years ago


Copyright © 2008 Bloggerized by : GosuBlogger
Langit: Designed by Eches Langit Blogger template distributed by eBlog Templates

