Zillion

A blog about interesting things on the internet and my personal views about different topics generally related to Technology , Politics, Internet and Religion etc

Islamic Finance & ICMAP

↑ Grab this Headline Animator
Sunday, December 26, 2010
CIA Islamabad Station Chief Sued For Murder And Terrorism
Pakistanis hope the move marks the first step in bringing to justice CIA officials and their Pakistani collaborators in the murder of thousands of innocent Pakistanis. Jonathan Banks is bunkered inside the fortified US embassy building. But lawyers believe he is not covered by military or diplomatic protection.


SPECIAL REPORT
Tuesday
14 December 2010


ISLAMABAD, Pakistan—A Pakistani victim of CIA drones filed a case in Islamabad against CIA station chief Jonathan Banks, who bunkers inside the fortified US embassy building here, accusing him of attempted murder and terrorism.


Islamabad police has received a request to register a case against Banks from Shehzad Akbar, a lawyer for CIA drone victim Karim Khan.

CIA drone attacks on Pakistan are illegal and violate the UN mandate after 9/11 that allowed US military to occupy Afghanistan.
Karim Khan came from one of the few educated families in his district in North Waziristan. In December 2009, CIA drones killed his nephew and brother. Both studied in schools in Islamabad and imparted modern education in this underdeveloped part of the country. In a press conference earlier this month, Khan provided a chilling insight into CIA’s innocent Pakistani victims in the tribal belt. [See Karim Khan vs. CIA]

A group of lawyers and citizen activists are probing the possibility of moving the Supreme Court of Pakistan against the President, Prime Minister, Foreign Minister and Defense Minister for their role in permitting CIA attacks on Pakistanis. The petition is expected to call on the Pakistani armed forces to play their role in the defense of motherland against illegal attacks by a foreign military force resulting in the murder of Pakistani citizens.

A secret cable from the US embassy in Islamabad, leaked by WikiLeaks website, shows Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani encouraging US officials to continue CIA attacks and pledging he would cover up for CIA in front of Pakistani critics. American journalist Bob Woodward has also quoted President Asif Ali Zardari telling an official US delegation he condoned Pakistani civilian casualties in CIA attacks.

According to international law, CIA station chief in Islamabad and other CIA personnel in the country are not considered part of regular military force and are liable to local Pakistani laws if their actions result in the murder of Pakistani citizens.
An international group, the Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict (Civic), said in a report last week that nine recent drone strikes in Pakistan had claimed the lives of more than 30 Pakistanis.
The United States has intensified aerial attacks in Pakistan’s tribal regions since US President Barack Obama took office in 2009.
This is while hundreds of Pakistani people have taken to the streets of the capital, Islamabad, to protest the unauthorized US drone attacks on the country’s tribal areas.
The protesters condemn the killing of over two-thousand civilians in non-UN-sanctioned American drone strikes since 2004.
Activists have asked Washington to pay compensation to the families of victims and those who have suffered losses in such attacks.
The United States claims its drones target militant hide-outs near the border with Afghanistan.
According to official figures some 10,000 people have been killed in both Pakistani military operations and US drone strikes since former Pakistani military ruler Pervez Musharraf joined the so-called US-led war on terror following the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington.
Source    WWW.PAKNATIONALISTS.COM








© 2007-2010. All rights reserved. PakNationalists.com
Verbatim copying and distribution of this entire article is permitted in any medium
without royalty provided this notice is preserved.
Posted by CMA Labels: Politics
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Most Powerful Supercomputer of World
Chinese Tianhe-1A system at the National Supercomputer Center in Tianjin, having performance level of 2.57 petaflop/s (quadrillions of calculations per second) attain the position of most powerful supercomputer of the world


China is accelerating its move into high performance computing. It is the number two country after USA leaving behind Japan, France, Germany and the UK. It has 42 systems on the TOP 500 Supercomputer list. In past different countries has been ranked as no 1 in supercomputer which are listed below.

List of No.1 Supercomputer of the for last ten year

• NUDT Tianhe-1A ( China, since November 2010)

• Cray Jaguar ( United States, November 2009 - November 2010)

• IBM Roadrunner ( United States, June 2008 – November 2009)

• IBM Blue Gene/L ( United States, November 2004 – June 2008)

• NEC Earth Simulator ( Japan, June 2002 – November 2004)

• IBM ASCI White ( United States, November 2000 – June 2002)

Detail of  Most powerful supercomputer of the world
System Name                            Tianhe-1A


Site                                             National Supercomputing Center in Tianjin

System Family                              NUDT MPP

System Model                              NUDT YH MPP

Computer                                     NUDT TH MPP, X5670 2.93Ghz 6C, NVIDIA GPU, FT-1000 8C

Vendor                                         NUDT

Application area                           Research

Main Memory                              229376 GB

Installation Year                           2010

Operating System                         Linux

Memory                                       229376 GB

Interconnect                                Proprietary

Processor                                   Intel EM64T Xeon X56xx (Westmere-EP) 2930 MHz (11.72 GFlops)
Posted by CMA Labels: Tech, Top
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook
Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Infolinks In Text Ads
Links

    Islamic Finance & ICMAP

Labels
Politics (4) Religion (2) Result (1) Tech (2) Top (3)
Popular Posts

    Projected Top Words of 2011
    'The 500 Most Influential Muslims' in year 2010
    Nomination for new edition of "The 500 Most Influential Muslims - 2011"
    CIA Islamabad Station Chief Sued For Murder And Terrorism
    Most Powerful Supercomputer of World
    WIKILEAKS MIRRORS
    Top most popular women on the web
    Haji Abdul Wahaib, Amir of Tablighi Jaamat Listed in The 50 Most Influential Muslims 2009
    Google is offering free Chrome Notebooks
    Wiki leaks

Make Money Blogging
	
Total Pageviews
4809
Simple template. Powered by Blogger.

