Ally's World

Title of image Title of image
Thursday, 28 April 2011
Quick Links to Trick Training In ZooWorld
Quick links to train Animals just click on the  name above each animal;
You are able to train every 5 minutes 
By level 102 you will need to Train 14 tricks overall.

Martial Eagle

Train your eagle to 
Shake hands
Salute
Play dead
Play peek-a-boo
Hop
Fetch a frisbee

Dolphin
Clap
Wave
Sing
High Jump
Balance on Ball
Back Flip

California Sea Lion
Stand
Do a Hand stand
Toss a ball
Catch a Fish
Balance Beam
Paint

Orca
Stand
Do a Hand stand
Toss a ball
Catch a Fish
Balance Beam
Paint

Swift
Stand on one foot
Sing a song
Lift a dumbbell
Roller skate
Nose dive
Balance an apple

Peregrine Falcon
Whistle
Deer in headlights
Tiptoe
Walk tightrope
Balance a ball
Juggle


Gyrfalcon


Tie a knot
Wave
Dance
Hula hoop
Jump rope
Ride a bike

Purple Needletail Swift
Take a bow
Hang upside down
Fly through hoop
Do ball trick
Play hopscotch
Skateboard


Racing Birds has been discontinued and it is not possible to gift or buy them at the present moment.
Posted by Ally at 05:10 0 comments
New Royal Animals


	


	








	

	

	


	


Posted by Ally at 02:50 0 comments
Wednesday, 20 April 2011
Zoo World Bunnies....


Easter 2011
	


The Chocolate Bunny has 28 teeth and they never stop growing.
The Chocolate Bunny does not hibernate.
A baby Chocolate Bunny is called a kit.
April Fools Bunnies

	


The Sneaky Bunny is most active at dawn and dusk.
The Sneaky Bunny can see behind them without turning their heads.
The the Sneaky Bunny is happy, it will click its teeth.








When the Surprised Bunny is happy, it will jump and twist, this move is called a "binky."
The Surprised Bunny can jump up to 3 feet high.
The Surprised Bunny can only sweat through the pads on its feet.
Halloween 2010






	

The Halloween Bunny is usually seen hopping around dropping candy in children's candy bags.
The Halloween Bunny likes to hide in bushes and jump out and playfully scare people passing by.
The Halloween Bunny's favorite candy during Halloween is candy corn.









The Bumble Bee Bunny does not have the ability to fly, but compensates by jumping really high and fluttering its wings.
The Bumble Bee Bunny's main diet consists of carrots dipped in honey.
On Halloween night the Bumble Bee Bunny hops around while buzzing and passing out candy to children it passes by.
Floppy Bunny
	
The Floppy Bunny's favorite past time is having picnics in the park on a nice summer's day.
The Floppy Bunny is immune to all diseases and no matter how shaggy it gets will always have the energy and imagination of a child.
Floppy Bunnies mate for life and value love and affection over all else.
Rarity: ultraRare
99c discontinued
Christmas 2010
 Fluffy Bunny
Holiday Stocking Bunny



	
This playful Fluffy Bunny likes to play hide and seek under its cozy blanket.
The Fluffy Bunny is a playful, calm, and affectionate animal.
The Fluffy Bunny highly values time with the owner or family.
ultra Rare




A newborn Holiday Stocking Bunny has no smell, in order to protect them and hide them better.
The Holiday Stocking Bunny's nose knows every scent, even those of specific breezes.
The Holiday Stocking Bunny thumps its hind legs to warn of danger.
99c discontinued
Thanks Giving 2010




The Turkey Bunny

	
The Thanksgiving Bunny can see behind itself without moving its head.
The Thanksgiving Bunny has worse eyesight than a human, but an excellent sense of smell and hearing.
The Thanksgiving Bunny is born blind and naked and require parental care to grow up healthy.
ultraRare







A male Turkey Bunny is called a "buck."
A female Turkey Bunny is called a "doe."
The Turkey Bunny can jump 36 inches and some times even higher.
Easter Bunny 2010
	

The Easter Bunny brings baskets filled with brightly colored eggs, candy, and toys to the homes of children on the night before Easter.
The first edible Easter Bunnies were made in Germany during the early 1800s and were made of pastry and sugar.
The Easter Bunny was introduced to America by the German settlers who arrived in the Pennsylvania Dutch country during the 1700s.
Rarity: ultraRare

Posted by Ally at 01:06 0 comments
Monday, 18 April 2011
Zoo World Heads for Greece

Posted by Ally at 01:02 0 comments
Sunday, 17 April 2011
Zoo World Easter Animal Release Sneak Preview

Title of image

Posted by Ally at 01:45 0 comments
Saturday, 16 April 2011
Herd Bonus! Level Up Faster with Herds of Ultra Rares

Herd Bonus, a way to get extra XP by feeding groups of animals.
Will be available to everyone very soon.
You’ll know you have it when you see a pop-up talking about Herd Bonus in your zoo.

The details of Herd Bonus;
If you feed using cupid you need to click as many times as the number you have in a herd.
IE if you have 4 of an ultra rare you need to click cupid 4 times. to feed each Ultra rare seperately

When you have 3 or more animals of one Ultra Rare species, you have a herd.
Animal herds have extra “mini hearts” that pop out, which give extra XP.
The more animals you have of that species (up to 8), the more mini hearts appear.
Clicking the mini hearts gives you extra XP and fills up the Herd Bonus Bar.
Purple hearts do not give Herd Bonuses.
Pink hearts do give Herd Bonus XP, but less than red hearts do.

You can use Cupid to collect the first hearts.
You can then click Cupid again to collect the mini-hearts.
When collecting spewed hearts, a progress bar will appear at the top right. The more Herd Bonus hearts you collect in quick succession, the more it fills up. If you fill it up before it disappears, you get a reward!
Don’t worry if you don’t click the mini-hearts quickly, you still get the XP.
How to collect Herd Bonus

Make sure you have at least 3 animals of that type. You can get more from the Shop or by Breeding.
Feed the animal.
When you have a Herd Bonus, the heart will appear slightly larger than normal once the treat is ready to be collected.
When you click the larger heart, you get XP plus a bunch of smaller hearts.
Click the mini-hearts to get the extra XP!
Gather more Herd Bonus hearts before the Progress Bar disappears to earn rewards.
There are multiple levels of rewards. Keep gathering to get the best one!
There’s More Where That Came From
Herd Bonus is now available for all Ultra Rare animals. In the future, a similar version of Herd Bonus will also be released for Rare animals.
Posted by Ally at 04:12 0 comments
Spring Seasonal is here! Flowers, Garden Gnomes and Animals

Title of image


Can you smell it? Take a deep breath in and experience the refreshing Spring air.
 The sun is starting to shine and the flowers are ready to bloom.
 Following suit with Mother Nature, Zoo World has a new Seasonal ready to burst open as well.
Your mission is to get the animals ready for Springtime by collecting items and with your friends’ help, you’ll receive  new and ready-for-the-sun species for your Zoo!
Getting Ready:
The Spring Seasonal works very similar to the past April Fools’ Day celebrations. Simply log into Zoo and you’ll find a new friend waiting for you at the dock, ready to welcome the Springtime sun and fun. Click on the animal to bring up the Spring menu.
From there, you can choose an animal to help, collect items, and ask friends to help you ready all your animals for a warmer climate.
How Spring works in Zoo World:
As with April Fool’s Day, you will need to collect special items to help the new animals. These items are Garden Rakes, Wheelbarrows, Wooden Buckets, Spring Gnomes, and Flower Baskets. Each of these can be collected in different ways:

    Collect Flower Baskets from the feed.
    Collect Garden Rakes, Wheelbarrows and Wooden Bucketsthrough gifting with friends.
    Collect Spring Gnomes by feeding treats to your animals.

You can post to the Facebook Feed asking for help with the Flower Baskets, Garden Rakes, Wheelbarrows, and Wooden Buckets up to 4 times per day, or once every six hours. Likewise, you can post Flower Baskets to the feed to help your friends once every six hours, and 10 friends can collect the blooming beauties from each post. Each of these items can also be purchased with WLP, if you wish.
Make sure to take the time to Check-in:
Are you short on a couple items to help your animal? Clicking on this heart “checks in,” and you can do this once every five minutes (and even earn XP!).For every three check-ins you complete, you will be able to choose one free Spring item of your choice!
How to get Spring Gnomes:
Earn Spring Gnomes by feeding any of your treats in Zoo World to your animals. You can choose between a 10-minute Apple or the two-day Ice Cream Cone, they all work to snag you some adorable gnomes!
The item will appear when you collect unbroken hearts, not while feeding. You can collect up to 10 Spring Gnomes per day. You get one Spring Gnome after collecting 10 unbroken hearts.
Asking for Helping Hands:
Once you have enough of each item, you’re almost done with preparing your animal for Springtime. You just need a couple helping hands from your friends to complete the mission. Click “Ask Friends” to post your request  to your Facebook feed. From there, your ZooMates can help you directly or you can choose to purchase them for one WLP each.
Rewards and Upgrades:
Every animal you complete stays at your Zoo. I can already feel the sunshine get brighter in Zoo World!
All the basic animals are Rare and you will receive 1 of every animal you complete, not a pair. Once completed, you will have the option of upgrading it to an Ultra Rare. Upgrading your Rare costs 15 WLP total.
If you decided not to upgrade, but change your mind later on, don’t worry! You can upgrade to an Ultra Rare at any time during the promotion by clicking on the Rare in your zoo. This will prompt a pop-up that gives you the option to upgrade it for the same price. Once the promotion ends, your species are set and can no longer be upgraded.
Getting Started for Spring:
Two animals are unlock-able right away and ready for you to start collecting items for:

    Pajama Bear 
    Young Lamb 

As with past seasonals, you will need to help the first animal to get the second, and then help the second animal before getting the third, and so forth. New animals will unlock every three days, but you will need the previous ones finished before working on the next.
The Spring seasonal ends April 29th at Noon PST. Check back here on the blog for more updates, announcements, and giveaways that can help your entire Zoo be ready for Spring!




Posted by Ally at 03:04 0 comments
Older Posts Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
Popular Posts

    Circus Poodle
    Despite its small size, the Circus Poodle attracts as many visitors to the circus as the larger animals. Circus Poodles can jump up to 15...
    Zoo Breeding Guide
    Here is a chart for you to print out it will help you decide which animals you will be breeding. and how many you need to breed till you get...
    Answers to Zoo World Daily Quiz.
    Aardvarks can eat up to 50,000 ants in one night. Aardvarks are good swimmers. Aardvarks have very soft teeth with no hard enamel. Bison can...
    The Birds of Zoo World...
    Black Robin Unlock level 125 - counts towards level requirements - non breedable Chihuahuan Raven Unlock level 90 - counts towards le...
    Valid Zoo Apps..Make sure they are all Active - aND BLOCK THE BADDIES!
    Make a bookmark Go to ACCOUNT (top right of your Facebook) Click ACCOUNT --> Click APPLICATION SETTINGS Look down list till you see Zoo Wo...
    Zoo World Achievement List
     Welcome to the wonderful world of Zoo Here is a list of what is needed to complete the Achievements and enjoy the the game. During and af...
    Basket Animals
    You get the gifts by helping zoomates celebrate their zoomates. Where you see a basket and someone is celebrating a new zoomate click the ...
    Make a back door into your zoo
    to make your own door - copy paste the link below and replace the xxxxxx with your own Zoo ID number you will have access to your zoo. You...
    Making money from flowering trees...
    We are no longer able to gift the upgraded trees. Flowering trees and other upgradable trees do not go into green houses. The best is these...
    Californian Limited Edition Special - available 17-26 September
    Californian Quail Breedable 3 days Grey Whale Breedable 23 hours Californian Dog Faced Butterfly Breedable 20 hours K...

Followers
Archive

    ►  2010 (145)

    ▼  2011 (9)
        ▼  April (9)
            Prank Season in Zoo World
            Zoo World Achievement List
            Spring Seasonal is here! Flowers, Garden Gnomes an...
            Herd Bonus! Level Up Faster with Herds of Ultra Ra...
            Zoo World Easter Animal Release Sneak Preview
            Zoo World Heads for Greece
            Zoo World Bunnies....
            New Royal Animals
            Quick Links to Trick Training In ZooWorld

Categories

    achievements (2)
    animals (4)
    blocked facebook (1)
    breed (1)
    cancel (1)
    candy man (1)
    chart (1)
    cheat; facebook; zooworld; feed; animal; release (1)
    cupid (1)
    email notification (1)
    experience (1)
    face book page (1)
    facebook (11)
    FACEBOOK EMOTICON. WRITING UPSIDE DOWN (1)
    facebook. force roses (1)
    facicons (1)
    feed (1)
    gift zoo world (7)
    hack (1)
    juice (1)
    kiosks (1)
    levels (3)
    link (1)
    medium breed (1)
    multi gift (2)
    mystery gift (1)
    new animl (2)
    one click payment (1)
    paypal (1)
    PRETTY PAGE (1)
    Protect your PC (1)
    quiz (1)
    release (2)
    request (1)
    rose garden (1)
    send (1)
    stop spam (1)
    upgradable (1)
    virus (1)
    wrenchs (1)
    zoo world (8)

	
Click and share...
Share2331 Bookmark and Share
Chitika
	
Ally Zoo. Powered by Blogger.

