Tutorial Geek Introduction Tutorials for geeks made by a geek. Tutorials on the Gimp, Inkscape, Photography, DIY projects and more. Categories Photography Gimp Inkscape DIY Blog other Tuesday, February 14, 2012 Happy Valentines day! Wishing you a happy Valentines day from Tutorial Geek! Before After Before After Check out this tutorial if you would like to see how to do this yourself. Posted by McKay Christensen at 1:36 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: celebrity, Face, head, Valentine, Valentines day Saturday, December 24, 2011 Tutorial Geek wishes you a Merry Christmas! I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas! I love this time of year and hope that everyone is finding joy and happiness! On my personal blog, I just wrote about the true meaning of Christmas from a different perspective (in China). You can read it here if you would like. Posted by McKay Christensen at 8:09 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Thursday, December 15, 2011 One of the many reasons I love Google This is a picture of my bathroom here in China. Nothing special really (other than the fact that I moved into a really nasty apartment with a nasty bathroom). Nothing special I thought. This is why Google is so cool. I recently upgraded Picasa to the newest version. I decided to go through and use Picasa to organize some of my contacts with faces. It was when I was doing this that Picasa brought up this photo for me to tag. My initial response was that Picasa was crazy, but after looking at the smaller thumbnail, I realized it totally does look like a face. I love you Google.  Posted by McKay Christensen at 1:52 AM 2 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: Face, Google, Photo, Picasa Tuesday, September 27, 2011 The Best VPN Solution As you may, know, TutorialGeek has been all but dead for the past couple months. This is due to the fact that I have been in China and getting on Blogger has been difficult at best. I have been spending the better part of a month looking for a good VPN solution so that I can resume my blogging, but most VPN options have been annoying or frustrating. Well; I am hoping all that will change. I have tried a few VPN services that are decent, but I soon hope to try out USAIP. Once I have tested this out, I will do a full evaluation. Hopefully it will finally provide a working solution, and I can return to posting some more Geeky posts. Update: Wow. Getting the Internet to work well in China is not fun or easy. I have not had any success with any free VPN. Posted by McKay Christensen at 8:27 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Wednesday, August 24, 2011 Tutorial Geek is moving to China! So I am in the San Francisco airport right now waiting to board a plane for China. This could mean that Tutorial Geek will be blocked by the great firewall of China for the next year, or it could be that my next few tutorials are how to get past that. Perhaps there will be some Chinese posts coming up in the near future! Posted by McKay Christensen at 10:50 AM 2 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Saturday, August 6, 2011 Go Exploring to find hidden gems like Spanish Fork Disc Golf Course OK. So I must admit, this post does not really go too well with the theme of this blog. This is  tutorialish, nor is it very geeky (unless you like to call Disc Golf Frolf [Frisbee Golf], in which case, that would be pretty geeky). That being said, this tip of the day is to encourage you to do what I did yesterday. I went exploring. I hopped on my bike and rode to a mysterious disc golf course that I didn't believe existed, but sure enough, it does! The thing is, every city or town has hidden gems. Take some time to go out on a walk or a bike ride and look for new things. Discover bike paths, hiking trails, new restaurants, fun shops on main street etc. Read more » Posted by McKay Christensen at 10:39 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: Disc Golf, Frisbee, Fun Disc, Golf, Hiking, Tip of the Day Tuesday, July 26, 2011 The Difference Between RAW and JPG - A Visual Guide RAW Image Edited in Darkroom Ever since I have been getting more into photography I have always been looking for what I need to do to improve my skills. I am not aspiring to become a professional photographer, but I believe that I can make simple changes to the way I take pictures that will improve the overall quality of my photos. One of the improvements I made a while ago was shooting everything in the camera's RAW format. I have noticed that there are some pretty big drawbacks to shooting in RAW. Namely, it takes much more memory, it takes longer to edit, and the camera takes longer to process and save the images to my SD card. With all these drawbacks, I decided to do an experiment to convince myself that shooting in RAW is worth the extra effort. Read more » Posted by McKay Christensen at 11:36 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: Comparison, Darktable, JPG, Photo Editing, Photography, RAW Make your own low (or zero) calorie soda pop I have always been a huge fan of making home made root beer. It is super fun and easy, but more importantly, it is super delicious. The concept for making root beer is this: Buy root beer concentrate and mix it with sugar and water then add dry ice to give it the carbonation. Easy. So one day while I was making root beer, I decided to try an experiment. I started putting dry ice in other drinks and found that it was amazing! Want to make zero calorie soda? Find some zero calorie Crystal Light and add dry ice to it. Want to make an amazing fruit drink? Add dry ice to it. Want to make your favorite Kool-Aid flavor into soda? Add dry ice to it. I think you get the point. Making soda out of different flavors of drink is fun and delicious! Posted by McKay Christensen at 9:41 AM 1 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: Coke, Cola, Crystal Light, DIY, drink, Fruit, health, Kool-Aid, Pop, Soda, Soda Pop More Ideas for Tutorials Well; I have been slacking off. I have been doing a lot less tutorial because I have less time, but mostly because I have run out of ideas for tutorials. This is where I need your help! I have created a page for anyone to suggest a tutorial. I am open to any ideas. If you have some open source software you want me to try out to do a review or tutorial, let me know. Any idea would be great! If you have a specific picture or idea you want me to try out you can send me an email with the picture attachment (my Gmail name is mckayc). Suggest a tutorial for Tutorial Geek. Posted by McKay Christensen at 9:33 AM 1 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Saturday, July 16, 2011 Best Screen Casting Software for Linux Recently I have been doing more screen casts for my blog. Unfortunately, in Linux there are not a whole lot of programs available. I will discuss a few a the more popular programs with their pros and cons. Read more » Posted by McKay Christensen at 12:59 PM 3 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Links to this post Labels: Istanbul, Kazam, recordmydesktop, Screen Casting, Screencasting, screenshot, xvidcap Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Pages Home Suggest a tutorial Tips of the day archive Tutorial Websites Who is Tutorial Geek? Popular Posts How to clean your vehicle's headlights - Use toothpaste For the longest time I have thought that my headlights looked very dim and that I could probably clean my headlight covers to remedy this.  ... Texture in Inkscape So I have been using Inkscape for many years now and I absolutely love it.  I remember when I was taking some Adobe Illustrator clas... Lightroom vs Darktable - RAW photo editing Recently I have been trying to do a lot more photography shooting in RAW. Because of this, I have been doing a lot less editing in the ... How to Draw Hello Kitty Hello Kitty! So the last post I did was drawing a pumpkin .  I am not too happy with that so I wanted to get something new up quick.  B... Fake Depth of Field in Gimp - DOF Explained This tutorial will be discussing depth of field and how to create this effect in the Gimp. Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts All Comments Atom All Comments Search This Blog Loading... Picture Window template. Template images by Storman. Powered by Blogger.