Ubuntu-Linux skip to main | skip to sidebar Pages Home Subscribe: Ubuntu-Linux Let us Support MIT open-courseware By clicking here to SHOP at AMAZON (click here for clarifications) Featured Posts Monday, March 12, 2012 View Scaned or Image PDF files in Ebook Reader This is done by simply, splitting the pdf file and rotating comfortably for the best viewing. This method has been tested with NOOK Simple Touch™ Reader Steps:  1. Click here to split pdf pages in half. 2. To rotate the PDF in counter clockwise, execute the following command in Terminal. $ pdftk out.pdf cat 1-endL output finalOut.pdf Now Load this 'finalOut.pdf' file and Enjoy :) :) ;) Note: In nook simple reader Select 2nd Font size. to view this perfectly :) Posted by p 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Recent Comments Search This Blog Loading... Blog Archive ▼  2012 (7) ▼  March (5) View Scaned or Image PDF files in Ebook Reader View enlarged Fonts in PDF - (for ebook reader) Rotate PDF Files in bulk split pdf pages in (or) by half. Read Maths books in your Ebook reader ►  January (2) Download Streaming Video ( for NEW FLASH version) Ubuntu Update Problem - Software Sources ►  2010 (33) ►  November (1) Undelete Plus - Recover deleted files. ►  October (3) How to install Songbird 1.8.0 10.10 Maverick - Audio, Video Stuttering, Hiccup V... best video editor-converter-splitter ►  September (5) Best audio-mp3-music Player Group the Windows How to play songs in Raaga.com Age of Empires 2 and 3, Mythology clone 0AD :-) best audio, mp3 - cutter, converter, editor, merge... ►  August (7) Download Tamil Fonts for Ubuntu - 120 Fonts Download Streaming Video Mount ISO - Mount CD Image Kill process - Killing a Program - using kill comm... Dillo 2.2 (.deb) - Super Fast Light Weight Browser... PDF to TEXT, PDF to JPG, PNG etc., PDF Editor, Creator & Merge, Split, Rearrange PDF ... ►  July (10) Wireless "Device Not Ready" Problem Youtube Downloader - 3 softwares Password Protected - Personal Diary - Lifeograph -... Split and Join the files in Ubuntu Type in your OWN LANGUAGE - Type and Edit in Tamil... Engineering Softwares Softwares for Students Software Sources Regeneration Safe Browsing in Firefox Download Managers in Ubuntu ►  June (7) Mobile Phone Softwares in Ubuntu Gtalk in Ubuntu - voice chat Tamil Dictionary in Ubuntu Winamp Media Player in Uubuntu.. Birthday Reminder/Notifier in Ubuntu Offline Dictionary for Ubuntu Connect Mobile Internet or Pocket Internet in Chin... Popular Posts best audio, mp3 - cutter, converter, editor, merger - mp3 editing, extracting softwares 1. Cutter, Editor, Merger: Install, mp3 splt, mp3 wrap using, $ sudo apt-get install mp3wrap mp3splt a) To Split: Put the m... Age of Empires 2 and 3, Mythology clone 0AD :-) Freeciv, Freecol are some strategy based games in Ubuntu. But they can't even come near to AoE. Because their graphics is not good and not... PDF Editor, Creator & Merge, Split, Rearrange PDF Files 1) Shuffle, Merge, Split PDF:        PDF Shuffler - using this software, we can            1. Merge many PDF files to a single PDF fi... best video editor-converter-splitter 1. Hand Brake:             Very user friendly video converter. .deb package can be downloaded from https://edge.launchpad.net/~steb... Wireless "Device Not Ready" Problem Open the terminal, and execute ANY ONE of the statement below. $iwconfig $ifconfig  Find the name of your wi-fi. (mine is, 'et... Split and Join the files in Ubuntu When we download a big file, like a movie, that movie would have been uploaded as number of files. e.g., filename.flv.001, filename.flv.002... 10.10 Maverick - Audio, Video Stuttering, Hiccup VLC not Working I had the Problem of: ' After upgraded to Ubuntu 10.10. My Ubuntu OS seems to skip or stutter during playing music and movies skips bri... Dillo 2.2 (.deb) - Super Fast Light Weight Browser & Midori - Light Weight Browser - A Review Dillo 2.2 - Super Fast Light Weight Browser:         --> It is amazingly fast. I didn't imagine!!! really very fast!!.         --> It i... Download Tamil Fonts for Ubuntu - 120 Fonts  1. Click here http://www.tn.nic.in/tamilsw/otf.htm to download, Tamil Fonts. 2. Right click on the otf.zip file and choose Extra... PDF to TEXT, PDF to JPG, PNG etc., 1) PDF to TEXT:               When we are reading an ebook, the fonts and its size might not be comfortable to our eyes. By using this ... what do u need in Ubuntu? 120 Tamil Fonts Age of Empires 4linux Birthday Reminder Browser Dillo - Fast Light Diary-Passwd Protectd Download Managers Engineering Softwares Group the Windows gtalk kill Process Mobile Phone Softwares Moblie Internet mp3 - edit, convert, merge Music Player Best offline-dictionary pdf - edit, merge, split pdf to text, jpg Play Songs in raaga.com Software Sources Regeneration Split & Join Files Streaming VIDEO download Student Softwares Tamil Dictionary type in ur OWN language Winamp Media Player Wireless-Device Not Ready Youtube Downloader Powered by Blogger. About Me Sethupathy View my complete profile Your Mail ID Followers   Copyright (c) 2011 Ubuntu-Linux. Designed by Online Portfolio, steakhouse locations, web hosting, USA Life Magazine