UbiUbo UbiUbo Articles On Various Topics.. GuestBlog.in | Earn Recharge For Guest Blogging Chitika Tuesday, January 25, 2011 If You Cross the Border Illegally | What Happens Tweet This If you cross the border illegally If you cross the   "The North Korean"  border illegally,  you get ..... 12 years hard labour in an isolated prison..... If you cross the  "Iranian"   border illegally,  you get ..... detained indefinitely ..... If you cross the "Afghan"   border illegally, you get.....shot..... If you cross the "Saudi Arabian" border illegally,  you get ..... jailed..... If you cross the   "Chinese"   border illegally,  you get .....kidnapped and may be never heard of - again ..... If you cross the   "Venezuelan"   border illegally,  you get ..... branded as a spy and your fate sealed ..... If you cross the "Cuban" border illegally,  you get.....thrown into a political prison to rot ..... If you cross the "British"  border illegally,  you get.....arrested, prosecuted, sent to prison and be deported after serving your sentence ..... Now.....if you were to cross the  "Indian"  border illegally, you get ..... 1.   A ration card 2.   A passport  (even more than one - if you please  ! ) 3.   A driver's license 4.   A voter identity card 5.   Credit cards 6.   A Haj subsidy 7.   Job reservation 8.   Special privilages for minorities 9.   Government housing on subsidized rent 10. Loan to buy a house 11. Free education 12. Free health care 13. A lobbyist in New Delhi, with a bunch of media morons and a bigger bunch of human rights activists promoting your  "cause" 14. The right to talk about secularism, which you have not heard about in your own country  ! 15. And of-course .....voting rights to elect corrupt politicians who will promote your community for their selfish interest in securing your votes  !!!  Hats off.....to the ..... A.   Corrupt and communal Indian politicians B.   The inefficient and corrupt Indian police force C.   The silly pseudo-secularists in India , who promote traitors staying here D.   The amazingly lenient Indian courts and legal system E.   The selfish Indian citizens, who are not bothered about the dangers to their own country F.  The illogically brainless human-rights activists, who think that terrorists deserve to be dealt with by archaic laws meant for an era, when human beings were human beings.  at 11:14 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Labels: Facts, Fun, Humour Wednesday, January 12, 2011 Learnings From the Life Of Warren Buffet | World`s Second Richest Man Tweet This This was all compiled from a one hour interview of Warren Buffet on CNBC 1) He Bought his first share at the age of 11 and he now regrets that he started too late.    Things were very cheap at that time. So promote everyone to invest 2) He still lives in the small 3 Bedroom house in Omaha, that he bought after he got married 50 years ago. he says that he has everything he needs in the house and it has no fencing around.   Dont buy more than what you "really need" 3) He does not have a driver and drives his car himself    You are what you are 4) He never travels by private jet, although he owns the worlds largest private jet company.   Always think how you can accomplish things easily. 5) His company Berkshire Hathaways owns 63 companies. He writes only one letter each year to his CEOs, giving them the goals for the year. He never holds meetings or calls on a regular basis.  Assign the right people to the right job 6) He has given two rules to his CEOs   Rule 1- Never loose your shareholder`s money   Rule 2- Do not forget rule 1     Make goals and make sure that people focus on them And last the best one- 7) His  advice to the youth     Stay away from credit cards(bank loans) and invest in yourself.     a) Money doesnt create man but it is the man who created money     b) Live your life as simple as you are     c) Do not do what others say. Just listen to them and do whatever you like     d) Dont go on brand name. Wear those things in which you are comfortable     e) After all its your life and why give others a chance to rule it.. The HAPPIEST people do NOT necessarily have the BEST THINGS.. They simply APPRECIATE the things they have.. let us choose a smarter and simple way to live.. at 2:25 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Labels: Earn, Facts, Humour, Inspirational Stories Monday, January 3, 2011 True Story Behind Emptiness Song | Was The Guy Named Rohan Rathore Really There? Tweet This This Post Received 6000+ Pageviews. So Its been moved to my new blog True Story Behind Rohan Rathore | Was the Guy Named rohan Rathore Reallt There? ( Blog managed by www.activegossip.com ) at 2:36 AM 60 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Labels: Facts Saturday, January 1, 2011 What Is Self Appraisal | Nice Story Tweet This                                                 A little boy went to a telephone booth which was at the cash counter of a  store and dialed a number. The store-owner observed and listened to the  conversation:    Boy                : "Lady, Can you give me the job of cutting your lawn?  Woman         : (at the other end of the phone line) "I  already have someone to cut my lawn."  Boy                : "Lady, I will cut your lawn for half the price than the person who cuts your lawn now."  Woman         : I'm very satisfied with the person who is  presently cutting my lawn.  Boy                : (with more perseverance) "Lady, I'll even sweep the floor  and the stairs of your house for free. Woman         : No, thank you.     With a smile on his face, the little  boy replaced the receiver. The store-owner, who was listening to all this,  walked over to the boy.  Store Owner       : "Son... I like  your attitude; I like that positive spirit and would like to offer you a  job."  Boy                      : "No thanks,  Store Owner       :  But you were really pleading for one. Boy                      : No Sir, I was just  checking my performance at the job I already have. I am the one who is  working for that lady I was talking to!"              This is called  "Self  Appraisal" at 10:36 AM 2 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Labels: Inspirational Stories Wednesday, December 29, 2010 The Management and the CRAP Program | Really Funny And Humorous Letter Tweet This Subject: Management and the CRAP Program Dear Staff, Due to the current financial situation caused by the worldwide slowdown of economies, since the being of 2008, Management has decided to implement a scheme to put workers of 30 plus years of age on early retirement. This scheme will be known as RAPE (Retiring Appropriate People Early). People selected for RAPE can also apply to management for eligibility in SHAFT scheme (Special Help After Forced Termination). People who have been RAPED and SHAFTED will be reviewed under the SCREW scheme (Systematic Coursing Retired Early Workers). A person may be RAPED once, SHAFTED twice and SCREWED as many times as Management deems appropriate. People who have been RAPED can only get AIDS (Additional Income for Dependents or Spouse) or HERPES (Half Earnings for Retired Personnel Early Severance). Obviously people who have AIDS or HERPES will not be SHAFTED or SCREWED any further by management. People staying on will receive as much SHIT (Special High Intensity Training) as possible. Management has always prided itself on the amount of SHIT it gives to its employees. Should you feel that you do not receive enough SHIT, please apply for CRAP (Corporate Rescue - Advanced Program). Our Management has been trained to give you all the CRAP you may require to excel. Yours Sincerely, The Management Bye and have a nice time' at 10:50 AM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Labels: Humour Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Search This Blog Loading... Recent Posts on My Other Blog Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Recent Posts Post Categories Cool (1) Earn (3) Facts (4) Fun (2) Humour (3) Inspirational Stories (4) Humor blog blog pageviews Popular Posts True Story Behind Emptiness Song | Was The Guy Named Rohan Rathore Really There? Who Owns Media In India ? A true story about chetan bhagat..his IIT Delhi days.. Subscribe to Posts Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Simple template. Powered by Blogger.