Author Ty Johnston Author Ty Johnston Home to fantasy, horror and literary fiction author Ty Johnston Home About this blog Books, eBooks Ursian Chronicles Book reviewers Short stories Contact Friday, April 20, 2012 Interview with Sheila Horgan, author of The Tea Series 1.) Sheila, you are the creator of The Tea Series. Can you explain to our readers a little about The Tea Series, its characters, the plots, the antics? The Tea Series is a hybrid of a traditional novel and a serial novel. I find that people read very differently these days. The vast majority of my readers do not want everything from the past rehashed at the beginning of each novel. Sweet Tea begins right where Hot Tea ends. Iced Tea begins right where Sweet Tea ended. Each book is full-length. The series is centered around two Irish American sisters. Cara and Teagan are part of a large family (which enables endless story possibilities) that has one foot firmly planted in Irish tradition and the other stepping out in a very American world. The books are fun and funny. I've been asked why I write 'fluff'. Simple. I get emails all the time from readers. When a reader says -- "I laughed all the way through chemo..." or "Your book helped me through a terrible time..." or "Your books remind me so much of my mother, she died when I was a child, you brought all her love back to me." -- fluff is good. 2.) Many of your e-books are priced at 99 cents. Noting that, what are your thoughts concerning e-book prices? Do you find the lower price works best for the writer and reader? When I first published Hot Tea, I had it priced higher. My sales were pretty sad. I lowered the price as an experiment. The first month that I had a sale every single day, I couldn't believe it. By the time I was selling several hundred books a day, I was doing the happy dance enough to make my neighbors worry. I've decided that 99 cents is appropriate for The Tea Series, as the books are all dependent on each other. For books that are more self-contained, I charge a bit more. Many of my readers have told me that I should charge more for The Tea Series but I have decided that the books will remain 99 cents each as long as that price point is available. 3.) What are some of your favorite books? Early Janet Evanovich. The Giving Tree. The Prophet. Many of the long running series. I've just found Bob Mayer and am really surprised that I can't put his books down. 4.) Where do you find inspiration as a writer? Life. It really is that simple. 5.) Dark chocolate or milk chocolate? Hershey's milk chocolate. Copious amounts. 6.) You wake in the deep, dark woods where there is no cell phone service, not knowing how you got there. The weather is moderate, spring. You are wearing and have on you exactly what you do at the moment of reading this. What do you do? First I thank God I got dressed this morning. Then I regret the whole 'no shoes in the house' thing I started when the kids were young. I'd take a little time to notice what is going on around me. All things inspire a writer and this particular pickle I've gotten myself into might make a great book. I'd be sure to pinch myself a couple of times to make sure I was really awake. Probably do a little hunting around. It would be very embarrassing to find that I sat on my rear and waited for help when there was a lovely resort twenty feet away. Remind myself not to venture too far. It would be equally embarrassing to find out that there was a search party looking for me within moments but I'd wandered off. I think I would then have a conversation with myself, not the first one, that pointed out that my sister watching all those reality TV shows was smarter than I thought. Sheila Horgan's books can be found through all major online distributors: For the Kindle For the Nook At Smashwords And don't forget to check out her website. Extra bonusSheila actually had a surprise question for me! What is your least favorite word and how often do you use it? My least favorite word begins with the letter "F" and I prefer not to publish it on my blog, though I might have once or twice and forgotten about it. How often do I use this word? Probably several times a day. 0 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/20/2012 06:15:00 AM Labels: Interviews Wednesday, April 18, 2012 Novelist Christopher Meeks brings journalism, film techniques to fiction writing 1.) Christopher, can you tell us a little about your road to becoming a fiction writer? I’m not someone who knew “I want to be a writer” at age eight. I didn’t write diaries or pen notes to J.D. Salinger. I went to a lot of movies as a kid, and I started making Super 8s in high school, so I wanted to make movies, which I pursued in college. I also wasn’t a fan of English classes or writing essays. When I had to write a college essay on my hobby — such a boring and stupid idea — I got pissed off, and I made my hobby kicking chunks of built-up snow off of car fenders (I’m from Minnesota). I explained the beauty of chunk kicking. I went into the various kicks and goals. My rage turned into humor. The professor read it aloud in his usual monotone, but the class roared. I thought I was getting an F but going down in flames. He gave me an A. That gave me my first taste for writing, and I took three creative writing classes after that and learned how to write screenplays, too. After college, I moved to Los Angeles and was making a short film in 35mm when the fire department shut me down for not having a permit. I lost my life savings — a couple thousand dollars — and after that I thought I’d be a writer only. I didn’t need a permit for that. 2.) On your blog, a recent post titled "Success, AWP and a Growing Huge Problem" talks quite extensively about the division between the book and e-book worlds. In your opinion, what will the future hold for book publishers, writers, etc.? Two months ago, I might have told you of the beautiful democratization of the publishing industry where authors didn’t need agents or publishers anymore; authors could do it themselves. While most self-publishers haven’t done a great job of it because they haven’t researched what is required for a good book, some new and independent authors such as Darcie Chan have made thousands of dollars a week. Then I went to the AWP Conference and wrote the post you mentioned. At AWP, I realized that colleges still exclusively taught traditional publishing, and the awards went to those writers with books in print. That may change. Someone will eventually give big prize money to eBooks. While I know eBooks will grow in popularity, it won’t mean the popular ones will be self-published or from small presses. When indie authors first made headway with eBooks, a number of the eBook bestsellers as listed by the New York Times and USA Today featured self-published books or those from small presses. I looked the other day, and every single book of the top twenty were from big publishers. Big publishers know how to market, and when they have a great book, such as Chad Harbach’s The Art of Fielding, a great agent and publisher leads it to the green pastures of success. To see that point of view, read How a Book is Born by Keith Gessen. Still, I’ve imagined a way that indie publishers, small publishers, and big publishers all find a large chunk of the marketplace. I’m guessing, though, big publishers will learn what small ones are doing and then do it better. 3.) What are some of the differences you have found between journalism writing and writing fiction? Journalism and writing fiction are more similar than some people imagine. Journalism taught me grounding the reader in “Who, what, where, when, why, how?” Those all are great elements for fiction. Set the scene. Create action. What people do reveals their character. While I was studying fiction and playwriting in a graduate program at USC, I took a class in magazine writing at UCLA Extension, and I started getting freelance work right away. I published extensively while still in school. Getting used to deadlines has been extremely helpful in writing fiction because I can give myself deadlines that I meet. Still, what’s great about fiction over journalism is you can get deeply inside a character’s head and show the world through a unique set of eyes. I’ve come to see that being a fiction writer is akin to being a philosopher. I never set out with any agenda, but now after five books, I’m discovering—and some critics are showing me—that I have certain perceptions on life. 4.) Who are some of your favorite writers? The first time I read voraciously was my junior year in college, much of which I spent in Denmark. I ended up with a lot of time on my hands because I knew no one at first and everyone was speaking a strange language I’d never heard. I found the Roskilde library and the English language shelf and came to love Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and Kurt Vonnegut then. I already loved J.D. Salinger, and to this day his Nine Stories remain perfect. Tim O’Brien’s The Things They Carried is a touchstone for me, and I love all John Irving. In the 90’s, after I started teaching creative writing at CalArts, I was asked to teach English at Santa Monica College. My main goal was not to intimidate my students the way I’d felt by most of my former English professors. I started using contemporary novels, split equally by male and female authors. Thus, I’ve come to find a lot of new authors. My favorites now include Margaret Atwood, Jennifer Egan, Jhumpa Lahiri, Janet Fitch, Sara Gruen, Alice Walker, Michael Ondaatje, and Michael Cunningham. In fact, I’ve made an Amazon Listmania list on the novels that my students have loved enthusiastically. As for indie authors, I adore Waiting for Spring by R.J. Keller, Lord Vishnu’s Love Handles by Will Clarke (who’s a mainstream author now), Ransom Seaborn by Bill Deasy, and The Mill River Recluse by Darcie Chan (who just signed with Ballantine Books). There are many others I’m leaving out. 5.) Okay, I've seen a couple of pictures of you, some with facial hair and some without. Spill it. What's the story with the mustache? First of all, I had my mustache since the 70’s. It was part of my self-image. Then I saw Tom Selleck’s picture last year, and he looked dated — stapled to the 70’s, which may be his age now, too. His mustache looks unnaturally dark. I didn’t want to be that guy. I shaved as fast as I could. 6.) You are eating at a restaurant when Steven Spielberg walks in. After a few moments he takes notice of you and walks over to your table. He obviously recognizes you. Then he informs you he recently read your latest work and says he enjoyed it immensely. There's no mention of a working collaboration, but he is obviously enthused by what he read. What is your response? I’d say thanks, that it’s an honor to meet him, and that we have a friend in common, David Franzoni, who worked with Spielberg as a writer and producer on Amisad and Gladiator -- two of my favorite films. I’d offer Spielberg another of my books, and tell him he and Kate are welcome to a barbecue on my new patio. *** I also say thanks to you, Ty. Your questions were great, and this has been fun. My novel Love At Absolute Zero happened to be the Romance of the Week on Kindle Nation Daily recently. Think of the book as an unusual contemporary romance where a young top physicist, who just earned tenure at the University of Wisconsin, is determined to find his soul mate in three days using the Scientific Method. Chaos ensues. That’s the book Spielberg hypothetically read. It’s perfect for a movie. 0 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/18/2012 05:03:00 AM Labels: Interviews Books read in 2012: No. 33 -- Swords Against Tomorrow edited by Robert Hoskins Started: April 16 Finished: Notes: The next novel I write is probably going to be epic fantasy again despite the fact I had been taking a break from epic fantasy. But I wrote a magical realism novel (100 Years of Blood) and now I'm feeling the urge for epic fantasy again. To help get me in the mood, I turned to this little paperback I've had in my to-be-read pile for some time now. It features heroic fantasy tales by Lin Carter, John Jakes, Leigh Brackett, Poul Anderson and Fritz Leiber. This was one of the very first of a string of Sword & Sorcery and related anthologies from the 1970s, and I've long wanted to get into it despite the fact I've probably read some of these stories in other collections at one time or another. Here's to hoping this helps keep me in the epic fantasy mood! Mini review: 2 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/18/2012 02:23:00 AM Labels: Books read in 2012 Monday, April 16, 2012 Fiction author Aliya Anjum also pens travel writings 1.) As a Pakistani writer, you naturally bring an approach that will be somewhat unfamiliar to some Kindle readers. Do you think your background allows your writing to bring something new, possibly exotic to some readers? First of all, thank you for the opportunity to engage readers on your blog through this interview. As for your question, indeed, my worldview and the themes I cover are certainly different from your average American writer. I do try to offer my readers glimpses into other cultures and peoples, although I am not sure how successful I am at that. We are living in the most interesting times of human history, where the entire world is linked on real-time basis. Within the U.S. itself, diversity makes possible getting to know cultural flavors. However, cultural imports may differ a tad from home cultures. I discuss foreign settings juxtaposed with American settings. I hope that my reader is able to walk away with a greater appreciation of the common thread of humanity across cultures. 2.) Besides fiction, you have also penned a non-fiction e-book about travel. Where are some of the places you have visited?  Which one was your favorite? I have visited the length and breadth of Pakistan, including the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, Pakistan-India border and many towns and places with intriguing history and breath taking landscapes. I've visited Southern Pakistan where cotton was first cultivated 5,000 years ago and seen a 500-year-old necropolis (one of the largest in the world) there. I’ve visited cities in western Pakistan famous for their central importance in the ancient Indian, Buddhist and Hindu empires. I’ve also stood where Alexander the Great once stood. I’ve also visited a hillside Army mess in Kashmir, where the UN Observers were stationed. Outside of Pakistan, I've been to Italy, Egypt, the United States, Bahrain, Singapore, Spain, Turkey and Greece. It’s hard to pick a favorite as every country has great things to offer. Italy however, has a special place in my heart. See 15 Beautiful Pictures of Pakistan for photos of some of the places Aliya Anjum has traveled. 3.) What are some of your future goals as a writer? To become a best-selling author and to be translated into many languages, one day ... 4.) Your short story "Mandy Marries a Muslim" deals with the potentially touchy subject of two people from very different religious and societal backgrounds coming together in matrimony. Is there any hint of truth to this story?  Not that the story itself is true, but have you experienced or known others who have experienced similar situations as presented in your story? I would like to say that all fiction has a grain of truth to it. As for my story, love knows no boundaries, especially since at the end of the day, we are nothing more than just living, breathing human beings who all seek the same things in life no matter what the color of our skin, what language we speak and what religion we believe in. Surprisingly this simple fact is overlooked and people across the world harbor fears about the others. 5.) What are your favorite dishes to eat? Boiled rice with lentil soup, Chicken Nihari, Pasta, Bihari Chicken. 6.) What kinds of music do you enjoy? Anything with a catchy beat. For more on the books of Aliya Anjum, visit her Amazon author's page and her Smashwords page. 1 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/16/2012 05:58:00 AM Labels: Interviews Friday, April 13, 2012 True crime author R.J. Parker offers free books to those in uniform RJ, so far your writing has exclusively been in the true crime field, much having to do with serial killers. What drew you to this type of writing, and will you continue to write about true crime, or are other topics, possibly even fiction, in your future? I have been an avid reader for over 30 years and really enjoyed fictional stories that included serial murders. I also read all of John Douglas books, who is my FBI hero, and he coined much of the terminology used today when talking about serial killers. I don't have much of an imagination so I never attempted fiction, and I wanted to write after reading thousands of books, so I decided to write on what I know best, serial killers. I have been offered recently to co-write with a NY bestselling author about a fictional serial killer, so yes, it is very likely that you will see fiction in my future. You mention on your website you started writing after becoming disabled. It seems I've heard of and known a number of writers who have had similar experiences, my own not being far from it through a heart condition. If you had not suffered from Anklyosing Spondylitis, do you think you would ever have taken up writing? Absolutely. This arthritic disease simply sped up the process because once I learned how to deal with this cripling diability, I started to focus more on my abilities, rather than disabilities. Some seem to label or think of serial killing and mass murder as mainly an American phenomenon. What is your take on this? Yeah, I've heard that. According to the FBI, 85% of the world's serial killers are American. Yet, the U.S. accounts for only 2% of the world's population. That being said, the worst killers actually are from other countries, ie, Dr. Harold Shipman killed 250 plus people. How about Hitler as a mass murderer, and Stalin? At any given time in America, there are between 30-50 active serial killers. That is scary. Also on your site, you offer your Kindle books for free to law enforcement, firefighters, Allied soldiers, correctional officers, EMTs, etc. What prompted you to do this? And do you have a background in any of these fields? I am actually a retired Navy SEAL and former FBI Agent. Okay, not really, but I would have loved to be. I don't have a background in law enforcement, but many of my family members are or have been soldiers, police officers and firefighters. I am a very patriotic person. I'm Canadian, but I'm still a part of North America so I am patriotic to both our countries. Before I published, I promised myself that no soldier or men and women in uniform who do so much in protecting and serving their countries, will ever have to pay for my books. Since Jan. 1 this year, I have gifted over 600 free books and have gotten hundreds of beautiful e-mails telling me that is so kind of me. I always write back and thank them personally for their service. I've met a lot of beautiful people this way. I've been Blessed by God with very good sales so that I can afford to gift these books. By the way, I have to pay full price for every book I gift. Do you consider yourself well read in true crime literature? If so, who are some of your favorite writers? First and foremost, John Douglas is my favorite. Since I was a young boy, I always wanted to be an FBI Agent from watching the show at the time, The FBI starring Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. (who is 93 years young). I found out in my early teens that I couldn't be with the FBI because I was Canadian ... what a disappointment, I still remember it. Getting back to John Douglas, I really enjoyed his books: Mind Hunters, Inside the Mind of BTK, Obsession, and The Cases that Haunt Us. He has other books, but those were my favorite and inspiration to write. Other great authors are: Gary King, Brian King, Ann Rule and Jack Olsen, just to name a few. What criminal of any type have you personally found to be the most interesting, the most worth studying? Oh boy, there are so many. I think the most interesting was Ted Bundy.He was one smooth operator and could sell ice to an eskimo. He was devious and a downright psychopath. Yet, he was very intelligent. In closing, I also want to mention that I give a percentage of my royalties to Victims of Violent Crimes. It's not about how much we can get, but how much we give. Thanks, RJ! For more about true crime author RJ Parker, check out his ... Website: RJ Parker Amazon page Facebook page Twitter feed 1 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/13/2012 05:40:00 AM Labels: Interviews Books read in 2012: No. 32 -- Spaceling by Doris Piserchia Started: April 10 Finished: April 16 Notes: I've read this novel twice before, once as a kid and once as a teen, and I loved in both times. But that has been more than 25 years since my last reading, so I thought I'd try it again as an adult and see if I still get the same feelings. It's a bit difficult to describe this novel, but it's basically about the adventures of a teen who can jump through glowing rings in the air and land in other dimensions. The plot is more complex than that, but those are the bare basics. I'm hoping to still love this one. Mini review: Still a pretty good read after all these years. I came to the novel with not only an older man's eyes, but also with a writer's eyes, and this did lead me to pick up on some not-so-glowing factors I had not noticed during my earlier reads. For instance, I felt there were far too many characters, a number of who really didn't add anything to the plot. Also, I felt some of the events seemed a little too lucky or unlucky, though some of this could be given over to some of the more vague shades concerning the plot, which is really about dimensional travel. Still, I enjoyed it, and perhaps will read this one again. 2 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/13/2012 02:15:00 AM Labels: Books read in 2012 Wednesday, April 11, 2012 Dark fiction author John Grover entertains with monsters, supernatural 1.) John, you are mainly a horror writer, so can you tell me a little about how you approach the genre as a writer? I mostly write quiet horror, subtle things. I examine the nature of evil in mankind. A lot of my stories have a questioning theme that leaves the reader to question his or her understanding of the world around us. Is man the real monster in horror stories or is there an external force that seduces him to do evil? I write stories that feel a lot like the Twilight Zone or Tales from the Darkside. I love writing about monsters, the supernatural and I tend to explore themes of life after death in my stories. More than likely I tell stories that help myself and others deal with our mortality and what comes after we leave this world. I’ve been told that many of my stories have an ironic twist to them. I like to think I write entertaining stories ... ones I’d love to read myself. 2.) You have also written some fantasy. How was the process of writing fantasy different from that of writing horror? I actually find writing fantasy to be much harder. In horror I have an established world, ours. So I find it easy to take the every day or the normal and turn it upside down. In horror the people are everyday people. In fantasy I have to invent an entirely new world. One that is not ours, one that is populated with beings that don’t exist, or at least we think they don’t. To me, this is much harder to suspend the reader’s disbelief. This world has its own laws, physics, people, gods, geography, food, languages, you could go on and on. I find that creating this world takes a lot of discipline and detail. When I’m done I'm still never sure if I’ve pulled it off. 3.) Who are some authors you feel have had a major influence upon you? Some of my favorites are Clive Barker, Jack Ketchum, HP Lovecraft, Poe, Shirley Jackson, Stephen King, Richard Matheson, Bram Stoker. 4.) Where are the darker genres headed? As in other decades, I think dark fiction takes on a lot of the issues going on in society. I think we’ll continue to see stories that deal with life after death but also tales about government control, invasion by outside forces, losing our identity, waking up to find that things changed right under our noses and now we no longer feel safe, invasion of mind and body. I think common monsters like zombies and vampires will fade somewhat to be replaced by new beasties. I’d love to see the werewolf make a big come back and bigfoot stories seem to be on the rise. 5.) Beer, wine, or the hard stuff? Or something else? I tend to like mixed drinks. My favorite ... The Mojito! Is It Cinqo De Mayo yet? 6.) You are walking down the street when suddenly a screaming girl covered in blood comes running past you. You look back and there's a great big guy with a butcher knife (also covered in blood) and he is running after the girl. You are now between him and the girl. What do you do? Get killed. I’m a weakling ... that psycho would rip me apart, throw my limp body aside and continue after the girl. But seriously ... I’d either slow the guy down with a trash can, a rock, tripping him or I’d run with the girl, grab onto her and guide her to the nearest public place and of course scream like hell! For more about author John Grover, check out: Shadow Tales: the official site of John Grover Aftermath ... the online series The John Grover Amazon page ... and the following video! 0 comments Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Posted by Ty Johnston at 4/11/2012 06:33:00 AM Labels: Interviews Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) About Me Ty Johnston Ty is a fiction author writing mainly in the genres of fantasy and horror, with some more literary works. View my complete profile From the Imagination and Graphic Artistry of K.A. M'Lady & P.M. Dittman Posting topics 100 Days of Fantasy 2010 (100) 100 Sites for Fiction Writers 2011 (101) Blog tour 2011 (36) Blog tour 2012 (24) Books I've read (39) Books read in 2007 (49) Books read in 2008 (43) Books read in 2009 (57) Books read in 2010 (31) Books read in 2011 (57) Books read in 2012 (33) Errata (4) Fun stuff (99) Guest blogger (8) Interviews (20) Just notes (20) My articles online (3) Other blogs and Web sites (36) Quotes (36) The real world (61) Videos (3) Weapons (24) Writing (428) Blog Archive ▼  2012 (95) April (17) March (19) February (32) January (27) ►  2011 (256) December (32) November (50) October (22) September (24) August (21) July (23) June (30) May (16) April (12) March (9) February (8) January (9) ►  2010 (234) December (11) November (37) October (38) September (31) August (35) July (23) June (12) May (11) April (10) March (9) February (10) January (7) ►  2009 (144) December (7) November (8) October (7) September (9) August (8) July (17) June (30) May (10) April (10) March (15) February (8) January (15) ►  2008 (166) December (14) November (8) October (11) September (16) August (14) July (9) June (12) May (19) April (10) March (14) February (21) January (18) ►  2007 (283) December (21) November (33) October (23) September (14) August (29) July (17) June (19) May (35) April (37) March (17) February (25) January (13) ►  2006 (70) December (16) November (18) October (8) September (13) August (15) Follow by Email 2012 blog tour Feb. 1 -- Indie Book Blogger Feb. 2 -- Residential Aliens Feb. 3 -- Colin McComb Feb. 4 -- Journal of a New Guy Feb. 5 -- Ben Dobson Feb. 6 -- Scott Fitzgerald Gray Feb. 8 -- Darrin Drader Feb. 8 -- Weblog of Zoe Winters Feb. 9 -- Carson Craig, nascent novelist Feb. 10 -- Derek J. Canyon: Adventures in ePublishing Feb. 10 -- Indie Writers Zone Feb. 10 -- James Grenton's Blog Feb. 12 -- Uri Kurlianchik: D&D Kids Feb. 13 -- Greg Hamerton Feb. 16 -- Writing Trip: David L. Shutter Feb. 17 -- Chiron Training Feb. 18 -- Keith West: Adventures Fantastic Feb. 19 -- Jake Scholl: Goblins, Swords, Elves, Oh My! Feb. 21 -- Scott Nicholson: Haunted Computer Feb. 22 -- Aaron Pogue: Unstressed Syllables Feb. 23 -- Publetariat Feb. 28 -- William Meikle Feb. 29 -- Ty Schwamberger 2011 blog tour Oct. 20 -- David Dalglish Nov. 1 -- Indie Book Blogger Nov. 2 -- V H Folland Nov. 3 -- David J. West; Nephite Blood, Spartan Heart Nov. 4 -- Paul McNamee; Paul's Scribblings Nov. 5 -- Lizzy Ford; Guerrilla Wordfare Nov. 6 -- Moses Siregar III; Moses and Dionysus Walk into a Bar Nov. 7 -- Christopher Bunn Nov. 8 -- David McAfee Nov. 9 -- Brent Nichols; Fantastic Adventures Nov. 11 -- The Eagle's Aerial Perspective Nov. 11 -- Rogue Blades Entertainment Nov. 12 -- Christine Senter's Blog Nov. 13 -- Tonya Kappes Nov. 14 -- Lindsay Buroker Nov. 15 - Brian Rathbone Nov. 16 -- Chris Northern Nov. 17 -- Conversations with Lisa Mondello Nov. 18 -- Terry C. Simpson Nov. 20 -- Pure Textuality Nov. 21 -- Indie Books Blog Nov. 22 -- S.J. Higbee, Brainfluff Nov. 23 -- J.M. Martin's Ranting and Raven Nov. 24 -- Razored Zen Nov. 25 -- B.V. Larson Nov. 26 -- J.R. Tomlin, Writing and More Nov. 26 -- Word Pursuit - Jason G. Anderson Nov. 26 -- Morgen Bailey's Writing Blog Nov. 28 -- The Imperfect Disciples Nov. 29 -- Steve Goble; Swords Against Boredom Nov. 30 -- N.R. Williams, Fantasy Author Tweet Authors and related blogs 12 Novels in 12 Months All Pulp Amanda Hocking Amy Rose Davis Apex Digest Blog B. V. Larson Black Gate Editor BookEnds Literary Agency Brent Nichols Brian Keene Brian S. Pratt Bruce Durham Chaim Tavi Charles Gramlich Chiron Training Christopher Marshall Cindy Pon Clark Goble Clive Barker Daniel Arenson Darby Harn Dave Fortier David Brin David Dalglish David J. West Dean Wesley Smith Dun Scaith Grace Krispy Gustavo Bondoni Howard Hopkins HuffPost Books I'm Not From Here J.A. Konrath J.M. Martin J.N. Duncan James Enge Jason M. Waltz Jeff VanderMeer Jeremy Robinson Jim Michael Hansen Jim Van Pelt John Scalzi Jordan Lapp Karen McQuestion KC May Kevin J. Anderson Kristen Lamb Kristine Kathryn Rusch Laura Resnick Lauralynn Elliott Life with Loki Lizzy Ford Lyn Perry M.R. Mathias Mad Genius Club Magical Words Man Cave Authors McAfee Land Michael A. Stackpole Michael Ehart Michael J. Martineck Michael R. Hicks Monumental Works Group Moses Siregar III Natasha Fondren Nathan Bransford Neil Gaiman Nicholas J. Ambrose Patrick and Teresa Nielsen Hayden Paul McNamee Publishing: Uncovered R.G. Porter RadioDarkbow ResAliens Blog Robert Day Scott Fitzgerald Gray Scott Nicholson Scrivener's Error Seismic Mike Stacey Cochran Stephen King Steve Goble Steven R. Boyett The Imperfect Disciples The Written Remains Ty Schwamberger Zoe Winters Reviewers and promotions Adventures in SciFi Publishing Books on the Knob Breakout Book Reviews Coalition of Independent Authors Digital Spotlight Fiction Review eBook Highlights Elitist Book Reviews Fantasy Book Critic Free romance e-books Grognardia I Love Smashwords Indie Book Blog Indie Books Blog Indie Reader Indie Writes Kindle 3 Kindle Author Kindle Nation Daily Publetariat Pure Textuality Red Adept Reviews Smashwords Books Reviewed The Indie Spotlight The Self Publishing Revolution They Stole My Book! Publications and publishers Abandoned Towers Apex Digest Aphelion Baen Books Big Pulp Black Gate Book Hatchery Carnivah House Crimson Highway Cyberwizard Productions Demonic Tome Every Day Fiction Flashing Swords Iron Bound Ranfurly Review Rogue Blades Entertainment The Absent Willow Review Tor Weird Tales WMG Publishing Privacy policy for Logical Misanthropy Picture Window template. Template images by bopshops. Powered by Blogger.