TwinkleDreams TwinkleDreams News     Movie News     Videos     Photo Feature     Online Movies     Arts & Crafts |   Fantasy News  |   Funny Pics  |   Tamil Movies  |   Hindi Movies  |   Telugu Movies  |   Malayalam Movies  |   internet marketing Saturday, November 12, 2011 Katrina Kaif: I'm no toon A filmmaker recently approached Katrina Kaif with an offer to feature in an animation film - she'd not just be doing the voiceover but the lead character would also be named after her. An unconvinced Kat gave the offer a royal snub. &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 6:34 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Tuesday, November 8, 2011 'I want to wear a bikini, but...' : Sonam Kapoor Bollywood and bikinis go a long way. Katrina Kaif, who kick-started her career as a bikini girl in Boom, may have gone for a 'No Bikini' clause for Dhoom 3 for whatever reasons, but bikini seems to be the flavour of the season. All the three heroines of Sajid Khan's Housefull - Deepika Padukone, Lara Dutta and Jiah Khan had men drooling over them as they were seen prancing around in a two piece on the beach comfortably. Anushka Sharma too has joined the bikini club and she will be seen wearing it in Yashraj Film's (YRF) Ladies v/s Ricky Bahl. YRF had got Esha Deol and Bipasha Basu to wear a two piece swimwear for Dhoom and Dhoom 2 respectively. Shazahn Padamsee, who joined the Housefull 2 team some time back, is very much keen on donning a bikini, but sadly for her, the film may not require any of its female leads to wear an itsy-bitsy outfit since the film's sequel doesn't demand so. But, the perky actress is hoping that Sajid Khan brings in a twist in the tale and she gets the opportunity to wear a bikini. "I am full on..I am dieting, I am working out, I am fit..bikini dena hai de do," she said recently. And now it is Sonam Kapoor who would like to shed the girl-next-door image and wear a bikini. Sonam says, she has absolutely no inhibitions in wearing one. "I have worn angrakhas, salwar-kameez, bandana, jeans, skirts, gunjee - whatever it takes. If the character I play is on the beach - the correct gear would have to be a bikini. And then I wear it in real life, too," she squeals away naughtily. But the only problem is her figure, she says. "I want to wear a bikini but currently my figure doesn't permit me to do so," adds Sonam who will be seen in a glamorous avatar in soon to be released Players. Few years back Priyanka Chopra or Piggy Chops flaunted her body in Dostana in a gold colour bikini. Then Kareena Kapoor set the temperature soaring in a hot bikini scene in Yash Raj's Tashan where she flaunted her size zero hot bod in Chalia... song. Lara worked really hard for a perfect bikini body in underwater adventure movie Blue. Kangana Ranaut was easily convinced by director David Dhawan to wear one in the recently released Rascals. Mallika Sherawat wore a bikini in Bachke Rehna Re Baba. A very bold and confident Mugdha Godse looked extremely hot and comfortable in a bikini scene in her debut film Fashion. Voluptuous Ameesha Patel shed off a few kilos to seduce Saif Ali Khan in Thoda Pyaar Thoda Magic's Lazy Lamhe song. Her underwater sensuous moves in bikini was the only highlight of the flop film. &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 10:25 PM 1 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Monday, October 24, 2011 I am full on to wear a bikini: Shazahn Padamsee Shazahn Padamsee has shed her cute image to exude oomph for Sajid Khan's Housefull 2. But rumours suggest that unlike Housefull in which the leading ladies Deepika Padukone, Lara Dutta and Jiah Khan sizzled in bikinis on the beach, the sequel is a bit tamer and more family-oriented, and perhaps there would be no requirement for any of the actresses -Asin, Zarine, Jacqueline and Shazahn to don a two-piece. "Maybe now that I have joined the team, it will change. I am full on to wear a bikini. I am dieting, I am working out, I am fit... bikini dena hai toh de do," the spunky actress laughs uproariously. She will be seen opposite Shreyas Talpade in the multi-starrer. Shazahn made her debut with Ranbir Kapoor in Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year in 2009 and then she was seen in Madhur Bhandarkar's Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji released early this year. "I was lucky to work with Ranbir in my first film. Then I started getting lot of offers after Dil To Bachcha Hai Ji and now I am very happy to get to work in Housefull as it will help me expand my canvas. At present, I would like to do just commercial, mainstream cinema," says Shazahn. On October 19 Shazahn celebrated her birthday by cutting a cake with the entire cast. She says, "I was drawn to Hindi movies very early in life. I am very comfortable working with the Bollywood guys, I feel like one of them. I don't want to sign random movies. I do consult my dad (ad guru Alyque Padamsee), but the final decision is mine," says Shazahn. &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 10:36 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Thursday, October 20, 2011 Shah Rukh Khan : Ready to race Shah Rukh Khan is going all out to promote upcoming release Ra.One.He has now announced the film's association with the Sahara Force India Formula One team that is participating in the inaugural Indian Grand Prix. At an exclusive photo shoot, the actor posed with the team's speed demon - the VJM04, seamlessly blending his character from Ra.One with the F1 car.This is the first time that the logo of an Indian film has been beamed proudly on the nose cone of the car. SRK will also be seen in a new TV commercial urging Indians all over the world to support India's first and only F1 team. &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 9:23 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Monday, October 17, 2011 Is Anushka a puppet? Seems like Anushka Sharma has been reduced to a puppet of Yash Raj Films. Apparently, she has been asked by the production house not to retaliate about her alleged affairs with Ranveer Singh and Shahid Kapoor. A source said, “Anushka isn’t the kind who’ll hide things for the heck of it. But she has been advised by the YRF officials not to talk about her personal life to the media.” However, it was the most recent Shahid Kapoor allegation that made her see red. So she chose to seek Shahid’s help itself to clear the air. “She will be allowed to talk to the press only during the promotion of the film Ladies V/S Ricky Bahl. But Shahid has promised to bail her out in the time being,” added the source. After all, what are “just good friends” for? &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 9:38 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Sunday, October 16, 2011 Katrina Kaif becomes World's most searched celebrity Katrina Kaif has been named the most searched celebrity on mobile videos in a new survey. She beat Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan, who came second and third. According to the Global Video Insights Report for September, released by Vuclip, Bebo came fourth, Beyonce came fifth, and Sonakshi occupied the sixth place. "A B-wood star leading ahead of her global peers in mobile video searches worldwide is a testimony to the fact that mobile videos have finally taken off in India in a big way," said Salman Hussain, vice president of the mobile video service. &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 7:29 PM 1 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Kajol dances on Jennifer Lopez’s song Kajol isn't shooting these days and has a lot of free time on hand. So she has taken up a new hobby. She dropped in to try a class at Strut - The Dancemakers in Bandra. Kajol danced to the tune of Jennifer Lopez's Get On The Floor with her friend Bhavesh Gandhi. She gushed later, "It was fabulous. Bhaav is a good teacher and I will come here again." C'mon Kajol, do an item song now! &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 7:28 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Silver lining for Dia Mirza! The festive season is on and in keeping with the festivities, Adler & Roth, a classic silver products range from the house of Gitanjali Group, announced the launch of an all new religious idol and modern show pieces collection at the Giantti showroom in Atria, Worli. The new collection was unveiled by none other than the Love Breakups Zindagi star, Dia Mirza. Adler & Roth is a range of eclectic silver centerpieces across different categories with a design and finish that speaks of a rich European heritage, yet has a modern and very contemporary feel. It consists of religious idols and spiritual symbols that are at once both traditional and trendy and decorative objects and items for your home or office. Looking beautiful in a salwar kameez, Dia said that she was impressed by the one-of-a-kind range that's traditional yet contemporary. "Its diverse range of religious idols offers beautiful deity pieces which are perfect for the modern Indian homes. Its other modern collectable pieces are intricate, very versatile and ideal to add to your home decor this Diwali. I am glad to be here today to launch the latest collection of the brand." &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 7:12 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Sunday, October 9, 2011 Poonam Pandey to strip on Bigg Boss? Poonam Pandey might finally fulfill her dream of stripping for her country, albeit in the Bigg Boss house. While the latest is that Amar Upadhyay (Mihir of "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhie Bahu Thi"), is set to enter the show, buzz has it that Poonam will appear on it for two days. And she has promised not to disappoint - the starlet will go semi-nude. Say sources, "Poonam had been approached long back, but she wanted a special entry. So, an unusual concept has been launched for her and she will be in the house to create controversy." Will Poonam finally get her more-than-15-minutes of fame? &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 1:13 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Shilpa Shetty, the housewife If you were wondering where Shilpa Shetty had disappeared all this time only to suddenly be back in the limelight, she has been busy for the past year or so, setting up home after her love marriage to businessman Raj Kundra. “After I got married, I decided to design the house and renovating kept me busy for almost a year or so,” she says. Shilpa also candidly reveals who runs what department at home. “When it comes to taking decisions about things at home, the reins of the home ministry are held by me. Raj is the finance minister undoubtedly, so when it comes to signing the cheques, it has to be my darling hubby Raj,” she laughs. Now, after staying away from the silver screen for a year, Shilpa returns in a film titled Desire, produced by mother Sunanda Shetty. The film had been delayed because of a financial crisis. Then, Sunanda heard the story and excited with the intriguing tale, decided to take on the responsibility of completing the film. “Actually, I was really surprised that my mom was the one who fell for this story. I tried a bald look for my character Gautami and the first one who saw it was mom who turned speechless. She did not expect me to look so stunning even in that bald look,” says Shilpa. Talking about her character in the film, Shilpa says, “Gautami is a strong person who decides to realise her dream of dancing. She is not like me in real life. I am strong too in but I will also consider the wishes of my family. Gautami does not believe in love. She is cynical about love but I cannot live without love. I enjoy being loved by my family members, friends and now my hubby. Moreover, being in any kind of relationship, love plays an important role. Without the right amount of love and care, no relationship is worth it,” she says. One relationship that has been worth it is the one with her parents and sister Shamita. “I am happy that my parents have taught us the simple, disciplined way of living and so we have been able to be successful in our lives. As our culture teaches us to be loving, caring and sharing towards one and all, similarly I have been taught to care for not only my younger sis but to take care of the entire family,” she says. Shilpa also adds that she is very proud of her parents and has learnt many things from her mother. “I still remember my mom would deck up nicely, especially with her big red bindi and wait for my dad to return from work. She was also very conscious about maintaining her health. She would tell me, ‘I dress up for myself and I also like to keep healthy and keep my kids and family healthy too.’ Now I am 36 while mom has turned 62 and I keep having health problems but touchwood, mom is always hale and hearty,” says Shilpa. &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.bidvertiser.com"&amp;amp;gt;internet marketing&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt; Posted by Deepa at 1:00 PM 0 comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) internet marketing LinkWithin Popular Posts When Nargis Fakhri was rejected Allu Arjun suffering from Cancer? Hansika agrees to Public Milk Bath Yana Gupta Wardrobe Malfunction Photos, Video (Real Uncut, Uncensored) Happy Birthday: Rajinikanth turns 60 Is Aishwarya finally expecting a Baby ? Happy Birthday Shahid! Katrina Kaif is a Barbie doll! Sonali Bendre denies malfunction I'm the villain, not the vamp: Pooja Followers Search This Blog Loading... Latest Updates Photo Feature Bipasha Basu on the cover of OK! Magazine Fantasy News Elephant gives birth after a two year pregnancy Funny Pics I'm ready for my close-up Videos Vidya Balan is now Vidya Balan Khan? Tamil Movies The Dirty Picture Movie Online Blog Archive ▼  2011 (1460) ▼  November (2) Katrina Kaif: I'm no toon 'I want to wear a bikini, but...' : Sonam Kapoor ►  October (9) I am full on to wear a bikini: Shazahn Padamsee Shah Rukh Khan : Ready to race Is Anushka a puppet? Katrina Kaif becomes World's most searched celebri... Kajol dances on Jennifer Lopez’s song Silver lining for Dia Mirza! Poonam Pandey to strip on Bigg Boss? Shilpa Shetty, the housewife Mona Lisa’s hot Hindi film in Tamil ►  September (56) Actors are like kids: Dia Mirza Ranbir Kapoor to get married? Mallika replaces Malaika! Shahid Kapoor vs Taran Adarsh twitter war Poonam Pandey in a Hollywood flick? 'Russell Peters must apologise!' Salman, Katrina having tough time in Ireland? Mallika Sherawat turns bride! Aishwarya to deliver twins! Katrina Kaif to raise oomph in 'Dhoom: 3' 'Heroine' back on track: Madhur Bhandarkar 'Kareena Kapoor out of Shahid Kapoor's guest list'... What makes Deepika Padukone tick? Kangna Ranaut's secret is out Priyanka too snobbish for Malaysian PM! Ranbir, Deepika to romance again on big screen! I'm still a child: Dia Mirza Ranbir Kapoor's proud of Kareena Kangna finally gives in... Chitrangada gets an ultimatum! Salman, Priyanka make Shah Rukh angry? Sonam Kapoor to play Milkha's girl 'Physical intimacy is essential' Kangna-Sanju war escalates I take my decisions independently: Katrina Kaif Ranbir-Nargis' kiss goes viral! Kat's nightmare over missing flight Mallika Sherawat, Simbu to shake a leg? Rajinikanth ready for action Kareena Kapoor croons in Tamil Aishwarya Rai miffed with Madhur Bhandarkar? Is Dia Mirza marrying Sahil Sangha? "'Mausam' is not about rebirth" Salman is number one box office star: Aamir Khan Lady Luck is with me: Kangna Ranaut Katrina Kaif turns fairy Salman to romance the hot & sexy Angela! Why is team SRK against Priyanka? The Bollywood School Diaries ►  August (77) ►  July (115) ►  June (186) ►  May (165) ►  April (132) ►  March (277) ►  February (210) ►  January (231) ►  2010 (475) ►  December (228) ►  November (115) ►  October (111) ►  September (21) Picture Window template. Powered by Blogger.