Engineering Projects Engineering Projects This blogs include embedded systems, VLSI technology, Microcontroller and Microprocessors, ARM processors, Engineering projects, Science and Technology related articles, engineering projects related articles Tech Search Custom Search Share it Wednesday, March 21, 2012 Working of a PLC Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook WORKING OF PLC  Most of the Engineering projects use PLC as heart of the project for control. PLC stands for Programmable Logic Controller. This article gives a overview of PLC and its working.   Basis of a PLC function is continual scanning of a program, under scanning we mean running through all conditions within a guaranteed period. Scanning process has three basic steps: Step 1: Testing input status. First, a PLC checks each of the inputs with intention to see which one of them has status ON or OFF. In other words, it checks whether a sensor, or a switch etc. connected with an input is activated or not. Information that processor thus obtains through this step is stored in memory in order to be used in the following step. Step2: Program execution. Here a PLC executes a program, instructed by instruction. Based on a program and based on a status of that input ad obtained in the preceding step, an appropriate action is taken. This reaction can be defined as activation of a certain output, or results can be put off and stored in memory to be retrieved later in the following step. Step 3: Checkup and correction of output status. Finally, a PLC checks up output status and adjust as it is needed. Change is performed based on the input status that had been read during the first step, and based on the results of program execution in step 2. Following the execution of step 3 PLC returns to the beginning of this cycle and continually repeats these steps. Scanning time is defined by the time needed to perform these three steps, and sometimes it is an important program feature.  LADDER DIAGRAM Programmable controllers are generally programmed in ladder diagram (or “relay diagram”) which is nothing but a symbolic representation of electric circuits. Symbols were selected that actually looked similar to schematic symbols of electric devices, and this has made it much easier for electricians to switch to programming PLC controllers. Electrician who has never seen a PLC can understand a ladder diagram.  NORMALLY OPEN AND NORMALLY CLOSED CONTACTS Since we frequently meet with concepts “normally open” and “normally closed” in industrial environment, it is important to know them. Both terms apply to words such as contacts, Inputs, outputs etc., (all combinations have the same meaning whether we are talking about input, output, contact or something else). Principle is quite simple, normally open switch won’t conduct electricity until it is pressed sown, and normally closed switch will conduct electricity will conduct electricity until it is pressed. Good examples for both situations are the doorbell and a house alarm. If a normally closed switch is selected, bell will work continually until someone pushed the switch. By pushing a switch, contacts are open and the flow of electricity towards the bell is interrupted. Of course, system so designed would not in any case suit the owner of the house. A better choice would certainly be a normally open switch. This way bell wouldn’t work until someone pushed the switch button and thus informed of his or her presence at the entrance. Home alarm system is an example of an application of a normally closed witch. Let’s suppose that the alarm system is intended for surveillance of the front door to the house. One of the ways to “wire” the house would be to install a normally open switch from each door to the alarm itself (precisely as with a bell switch). Then, if the door was opened, this would close the switch, and an alarm would be activated. This system could work, but there would be some problems with this too. Let’s suppose that switch is not working, that a wire is somehow disconnected or a switch is broken etc., (there are many ways in which this system could be dysfunctional). The real trouble is that a home owner would not know that a system was out of order. A burglar could open the door, a switch would not work, and the alarm would not be activated. Obviously, this isn’t a good way to set up this system. System should be set up in such a way so the alarm is activated by a burglar, but also by its own dysfunction, of if any of the components stopped working. (A house owner would certainly want to know if a system was dysfunctional). Having these things in mind, it is far better to use a switch with normally closed contacts which will detect an unauthorized entrance (opened door interrupts the flow of electricity and this signal is used to activate a sound signal), or failure on the system such as disconnected wire. These considerations are even more important in industrial environment where a failure could cause injury at work. One such example where outputs with normally closed contacts are used is a safety wall with trimming machines. If the wall doors open, switch affects the output with normally closed contacts and interrupts a supply circuit. This stops the normally closed contacts and interrupts a supply circuit. This stops the machine and prevents an injury. Concepts normally open and normally closed can apply to sensors as well. Sensors are used to sense the presence of physical objects, measure some dimension of some amount. For instance, one type of sensors can used to detect presence of box on an industry transfer belt. Other types can be used to measure physical dimensions such as heat etc., still most sensors are of a switch type. Their output is in status ON or OFF depending on what the sensor “feels”. Let’s take for instance a sensor made feel metal when a metal object passes by the sensor. For this purpose, a sensor with a normally open or a normally closed contact at the output could be used. If it were necessary to inform a PLC each time an object passed by the sensor, a sensor with a normally open should be selected. Sensor output would set off only if a metal object were placed right before the sensor. A sensor would turn off after the object has passed. PLC could then calculate how many times a normally open contact was set off at the sensor output, and would thus know how may metal objects passed by the sensor. Concepts normally open and normally closed contact ought to be clarified and explained in detail in the example of a PLC controller input and output. The easiest way to explain them is in the example of a relay.  PROGRAMMING THE PLC PLC controller can be reprogrammed through a computer (usual way), but also through manual programmers (consoles). This practically means that each PLC controller can be programmed through a computer if you have the software needed for programming. Today’s transmission computers are ideal for reprogramming a PLC in factory itself. This is of great importance to the industry. Once the system is corrected, it is also important to tread the right program in to a PLC again. It is also good to check from time to time whether program in a PLC has not changed. This helps to avoid hazardous situations in factory room (some automakers have established communication networks which regularly check programs in PLC to ensure execution only of good programs).Almost every program for programming a PLC possess various useful options such as: forced switching on and off the system inputs/ outputs (I/O lines), program follow up in real time as well as define failures and malfunctions. Programmer can add remarks, names of input or output devices and comments that can be useful when finding errors, or with system maintenance. Adding comments and remarks enables any technician to quote precisely part numbers if replacements would be needed. This would speed up a repair of any problems that can come up due to bad parts. The old way such that a person who developed a system had protection on the program, so that nobody aside from this person could understand how it was done. Correctly documented ladder diagram allows any technician understand thoroughly how the system functions. at 4:53 AM 1 comments Links to this post Labels: ladder diagram, normally open and normally closed contacts, Programmable Logic Controller, Programming the PLC, Working of PLC Tuesday, October 4, 2011 GPS Module GP810 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook GPS Module GP810 GP 810 Pin diagram The GP 810 receiver board is based on the high performance GP 810 receiver architecture. This 810 receiver is ideally suited for applications that require easy replacement for Trimble Lassen LP and where the state of the art GP performance including fast TTFF even in extreme temperature is required. The GP 810 receiver offers user configurable, low power consumption with three different operational modes.  Full navigation, Idle Mode and Sleep Mode can be customized to perfectly meet the requirements of each specific GPS application. The performance regarding sensitivity and very fast TTFF makes it applicable even for extremely demanding applications and environments with full industrial temperature range. The receiver supports the basic GPS functionality plus support for versatile control for sleep state and even the Data Logger to store position information to the internal non-volatile Flash memory. The I/O includes also power supply, ground, accurate 1 PPS output for timing applications and Power Mode Control input. Nominal power supply is +3.3V and typical current consumption is 52mA. All navigational data is stored in non-volatile 8 Mbit Flash memory meaning that no external back-up battery is required. The antenna connector is a MCX jack, which provides also the active antenna bias supply. The module supports optionally the Antenna Bias Supervisor, which detects a faulty condition, either Open or Short state and sends a respective message to the host. at 2:22 AM 1 comments Links to this post Labels: GP 810 pin diagram, GPS receiver module Monday, September 26, 2011 Thermistor with OPAMP control circuit Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Thermistor with OPAMP control circuit   Thermistor with LM324 OPAMP A thermistor is a type of resistor used to measure temperature changes, relying on the change in its resistance with changing temperature. Thermistor is a combination of the words thermal and resistor. The Thermistor was first invented by Samuel Ruben in 1930. If we assume that the relationship between resistance and temperature is linear (i.e. we make a first-order approximation), then we can say that:  ΔR = Kδt  Where ΔR = change in resistance ΔT = change in temperature k = first-order temperature coefficient of resistance  Thermistors can be classified into two types depending on the sign of k. If k is positive, the resistance increases with increasing temperature, and the device is called a positive temperature coefficient (PTC) thermistor, Posistor. If k is negative, the resistance decreases with increasing temperature, and the device is called a negative temperature coefficient (NTC) thermistor. Resistors that are not thermistors are designed to have the smallest possible k, so that their resistance remains almost constant over a wide temperature range.  Circuit Description:  In this circuit the thermistor is used to measure the temperature. Thermistor is nothing but temperature sensitive resistor. There are two type of thermistor available such as positive temperature co-efficient and negative temperature co- efficient. Here we are using negative temperature co-efficient in which the resistance value is decreased when the temperature is increased. Here the thermistor is connected with resister bridge network. The bridge terminals are connected to inverting and non-inverting input terminals of comparator.  The comparator is constructed by LM 324 operational amplifier. The LM 324 consist of four independent, high gains, internally frequency compensated operational amplifier which were designed specifically to operate from a single power supply over a wide voltage range. The first stage is a comparator in which the variable voltage due to thermistor is given to inverting input terminal and reference voltage is given to non-inverting input terminal. Initially the reference voltage is set to room temperature level so the output of the comparator is zero. When the temperature is increased above the room temperature level, the thermistor resistance is decreased so variable voltage is given to comparator. Now the comparator delivered the error voltage at the output. Then the error voltage is given to next stage of preamplifier. Here the input error voltage is amplified then the amplified voltage is given to next stage of gain amplifier. In this amplifier the variable resistor is connected as feedback resistor. The feedback resistor is adjusted to get desired gain. Then the AC components in the output are filtered with the help of capacitors. Then output voltage is given to final stage of DC voltage follower through this the output voltage is given to ADC or other circuit. at 9:59 PM 0 comments Links to this post Labels: LM324 operational amplifier, Negative Temperature coefficient, Temperature measurements using thermistor, Thermistor, Thermistor circuit, Thermistor control circuit Sunday, September 25, 2011 Digital to Analog Converter DAC 0800 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook Digital to Analog Converter : DAC 0800 Digital to Analog Converter(DAC 0800) with Current to Voltage converter(LM741) In electronics, a digital-to-analog converter (DAC or D-to-A) is a device for converting a digital (usually binary) code to an analog signal (current, voltage or electric charge). Digital-to-analog converters are interfaces between the abstract digital world and analog real life. An analog-to-digital converter (ADC) performs the reverse operation. A DAC usually only deals with pulse-code modulation (PCM)-encoded signals. The job of converting various compressed forms of signals into PCM is left to codecs. Basic Operation: The DAC fundamentally converts finite-precision numbers (usually fixed-point binary numbers) into a physical quantity, usually an electrical voltage.  Normally the output voltage is a linear function of the input number. Usually these numbers are updated at uniform sampling intervals and can be thought of as numbers obtained from a sampling process. These numbers are written to the DAC, sometimes along with a clock signal that causes each number to be latched in sequence, at which time the DAC output voltage changes rapidly from the previous value to the value represented by the currently latched number. The effect of this is that the output voltage is held in time at the current value until the next input number is latched resulting in a piecewise constant output. This is equivalently a zero-order hold operation and has an effect on the frequency response of the reconstructed signal.  Basic Operation: The DAC fundamentally converts finite-precision numbers (usually fixed-point binary numbers) into a physical quantity, usually an electrical voltage. Normally the output voltage is a linear function of the input number. Usually these numbers are updated at uniform sampling intervals and can be thought of as numbers obtained from a sampling process. These numbers are written to the DAC, sometimes along with a clock signal that causes each number to be latched in sequence, at which time the DAC output voltage changes rapidly from the previous value to the value represented by the currently latched number. The effect of this is that the output voltage is held in time at the current value until the next input number is latched resulting in a piecewise constant output. This is equivalently a zero-order hold operation and has an effect on the frequency response of the reconstructed signal. The fact that practical DACs do not output a sequence of dirac impulses (that, if ideally low-pass filtered, result in the original signal before sampling) but instead output a sequence of piecewise constant values or rectangular pulses, means that there is an inherent effect of the zero-order hold on the effective frequency response of the DAC resulting in a mild roll-off of gain at the higher frequencies (a 3.9224 Db loss at the Nyquist frequency).  This zero-order hold effect is a consequence of the hold action of the DAC and is not due to the sample and hold that might precede a conventional analog to digital converter as is often misunderstood. DAC0800 The DAC0800 series are monolithic 8 bit high speed current output digital to analog faturing typical setting times of 100ns. When used as a multiplying DAC, monotonic performance over a 40 to 1 refeence current range is possible. The DAC0800 series also features high complemementary current output to allow diferential output voltages of 20 Vp-p with simple resistor loads. The reference to full scale current matching of better than l LAB elimanates the need for full scale trims in most application while the nonlinearities of better than 0.1 over temperature minimize system error accumulations.  The noise immune inputs of the DAC0800 series wil accepet TTL levels with the logic thershold pin grounded. Channging the Vlc potential will allow direct interface to other logic families. The pefrormance and characteriststics of the device are essentially unchanged over the full 4.5v to 18v power supply range power dissipation is only 33mvw with +5v supplies and is independent of the logic input states. The output of the DAC is current signal. So it is given to current voltage converter which is constructed by the LM 741 operational amplifier. Finally the anlaog voltage is given to Triac or SCR control circuit. at 9:55 PM 1 comments Links to this post Labels: Current to Voltage converter, DAC 0800, Digital to Analog converter chip, LM741, operation of digital to analog converter Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Related Blogs adsense_ad1 Subscribe Now: Feed Icon Subscribe in a reader Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner adsense_ads Chitika Total Pageviews Chitika Chitika1 Blog Community Alexa rank nuacco exchange ad Blogroll Engineering Projects Placement Guide adipramana Neocounter     Blogupp Site Counters by RelmaxTop Showofflinks online advertising Blogs Directory ClickBlog.org Popular Posts MICROCONTROLLER PIC 16F877, Features, PIN diagram, PIN description 5V, 12V Regulated Power supply PLC BASED CONTROL OF AUTOMATIC CAR PARKING SYSTEMS RFID Module and Principle of working Speed control of DC motor using PWM technique and matlab environment Prepaid Energy Meter Top Engineering projects Weblinks Basics of IR transmitter and receiver AUTOMATION USING A PLC with applications AUTOMATIC PHASE CHANGER Blog Archive ▼  2012 (1) ▼  March (1) Working of a PLC ►  2011 (21) ►  October (1) GPS Module GP810 ►  September (11) Thermistor with OPAMP control circuit Digital to Analog Converter DAC 0800 PROXIMITY SENSORs IC ULN 2803 driver circuit Relay Vs SwitchA relay is an electrically operated... LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY Liquid crystal cell displa... Analog to Digital Converter module RF transmitter and Receiver modules are available ... MAX 232 and RS-232 HT12D DECODER for Engineering projects HT12E Encoder for Engineering projects ►  August (1) History and Scope of RFID ►  July (1) Global Positioning System - Working ►  June (1) Systems, Control Systems and Classifications ►  April (1) SECURITY ISSUES in SCADA based system ►  January (5) Innovative revolutions in Credit card technologies... Polygraph vs No Lie MRI scan as Lie detector Internet based Scada System Telepresence robots Bubble Monorail system Shweeb - the winner of Goo... ►  2010 (19) ►  December (3) Memory types and its features Spin transistors to keep Moore's Law and Spin Memo... Algae - A new alternative renewable bio fuel ►  October (1) Online Monitoring and Control of Greenhouse Enviro... ►  September (2) Basics of Programmable Logic Controller and Its Fu... Exposure to Labview Environment ►  August (1) LM358 Dual Opamp Features, characteristics and adv... ►  July (1) Solar impulse aircraft – Successful Green Flight i... ►  June (3) Impact factor of journalsIt is a measure of reflec... A Quick review of Solar Panel working iPhone 4 with novel features ►  April (5) Photo Diode and its applications Relay Design and Operation ARM processor and Its features Grid Computing Vs Clusters All Built in Application – Apple’s iPad.This devi... ►  February (1) Trends in Wireless Technologies Dash7 A Nnovel W... ►  January (2) Full Solar Eclipse 2010 in Tamilnadu, India Hummingbird Robot for rescuing humans ►  2009 (65) ►  December (2) World’s fastest Magnetic Levitation (Maglev) Train... Global warming causes and remedies ►  November (2) Top 10 futures of Electric Concept cars ANT COLONY OPTIMIZATION ►  October (2) Clean Energy from BIOmass Digital ant for cyber security ►  September (3) Piezo Electric Power Generation on Road An novel idea of Solar panels integrated with road... 1G, 2G, 3G and 4G telecome technology ►  August (3) ►  July (11) ►  June (6) ►  May (4) ►  April (3) ►  March (15) ►  February (9) ►  January (5) ►  2008 (136) ►  December (11) ►  November (15) ►  October (5) ►  September (12) ►  August (13) ►  July (11) ►  June (10) ►  May (14) ►  April (6) ►  March (19) ►  February (16) ►  January (4) ►  2007 (3) ►  October (1) ►  September (2) Chitika Premium Followers Other Blog Links Cute Picture collections Placement guide Engineering Projects Yoga Guidance Blog Top Sites Blogging FEEDJIT Live Traffic Feed Feedjit Live Website Statistics Eprojects Forum Embedded, FPGA, MC Eprojects Forum GPS forum Project collections Visitors Technology ugpro1_adsense Visitor Count NUMBER OF VIEWERS: About Me View my complete profile Simple template. Template images by mammamaart. Powered by Blogger.