World UniversitiesWorld Universities skip to main | skip to sidebar Linkbar Home Language Sacred World Movies Search Pics eHD WPapers Wallpapers Photos Pzone G.Pics Dresses Videos Sharing Site World Universities Archives Archives January (12) December (9) November (25) October (100) September (3) August (6) July (25) June (58) May (12) April (5) March (9) February (166) January (20) December (1) June (34) March (1) December (2) November (1) September (4) May (6) April (6) November (1) October (3) Manchester Business School Manchester Business School (MBS) is the largest department of the University of Manchester in Manchester, England. According to the Financial Times 2010 Global MBA Rankings, its M.B.A programme was ranked 40th (and 31st in the three-year average ranking). As now constituted it includes departments from both the former Victoria University of Manchester's Faculty of Business Administration, and from UMIST. History The "new" Manchester Business School was formed in 2004 as a result of the merger of UMIST's Manchester School of Management, the Institute of Innovation Research (IoIR), the Victoria University of Manchester's School of Accounting and Finance, and the "old" Manchester Business School. Prior to merger the constituent parts of new MBS formed, from 1994, the "Manchester Federal School of Business and Management" and occupied nearby buildings either side of Oxford Road The foundation of the School dates back to 1918 when the Manchester Municipal College of Technology (as UMIST was then called) pioneered academic training in management, with the formation of a Department of Industrial Administration funded by an endowment from asbestos magnate Sir Samuel Turner. The London School of Economics and Manchester Municipal College of Technology were the first higher education institutions in the UK to follow the US trend of offering postgraduate management programmes in the 1930s. The Department of Industrial Administration was heavily influenced by management science pioneer Charles Garonne Renold. The Robbins Report in the 1960s recommended that two national centres for postgraduate business education be created, and the Franks Report subsequently suggested that one would be in London centred around the University of London, and one in Manchester centred around the (Victoria) University and UMIST. As a consequence, Manchester was one of the first two business schools in the UK offering MBA degrees. Organisation The school comes under the Faculty of Humanities of the University of Manchester. As of 2008[update] with over 200 teaching staff it is the largest campus-based business school in the country, and has an international student composition as three quarters of its student body is from outside the UK. Manchester offers Ph.D (full and part time); D.B.A - Doctor of Business Administration (executive part time); M.B.A - Master of Business Administration (full time, executive part time, and blended learning); several specialist masters programmes as well as undergraduate degrees. Entry requirements for undergraduate and postgraduate degrees are both highly competitive. For popular undergraduate courses such as Accounting and/or Finance there are just 70 places available for approximately 1600 applicants. As of 2006, a minimum work experience of 3 years and a good GMAT is required for admission to the MBA programs. The 18 months full time MBA program is known for its "Manchester Method" which puts emphasis on learning by doing throughout the entire duration of the programme, including significant real life projects. In addition, the school offers the so-called "Manchester Gold" programme, a mentoring scheme to provide students with opportunities to meet regularly with professionals from a wide variety of sectors and industries. Last year's mentors, for example, came from high-profile companies such as Morgan Stanley, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Royal Dutch Shell Group, IBM Global Services and GlaxoSmithKline among many others. Professor Michael Luger Ph.D MCP (UC Berkeley) MPA AB (Princeton) is the new Director since January 2007; he joined from the Kenan-Flagler Business School, part of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Accreditation and reputation Among the bodies validating MBS programmes, the British Psychological Society validates its Organizational Psychology masters, and the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development its HRM MA degree. Its MBA is one of a select band worldwide which receive triple accreditation by AACSB International, AMBA and EQUIS. It is also a program partner of the CFA Institute. The school was recently ranked among the top 25 business schools in the world for the third time for its MBA program, and 1st in the world for its doctoral program (both Ph.D and D.B.A). It is placed 9th in Europe and 4th in the UK, while being 5th in the world for international business and 4th in Europe for percentage salary increase of its graduates.[citation needed] Regarding international experience, MBS is 11th in the world and 1st in the UK as well as is ranked in the world's top 10 for the career progress of its alumni.[citation needed] The average starting salary of Manchester's MBA graduates is US$111,774 - one of the highest of European business schools. Other rankings, such as the most recent Forbes survey, which lists business schools on their "return on investment" via a survey of alumni salaries, put Manchester 2nd in the UK and 5th in the world. In the Which MBA? survey MBS reached the 5th place in the UK, 8th in Europe and 30th in the world. The MBA Career Guide of international MBA recruiters placed Manchester 2nd in the UK, 7th in Europe and 15th in the world. In the 2009 QS Global 200 Business Schools Report the school was ranked 14th in Europe. Furthermore, Manchester was selected by UK Border Agency as part of the Highly Skilled Migrant Programme which gives MBA-graduates from the world's top 50 business schools extra qualification points and helps them meet visa requirements to work in the UK. The Quality Assurance Agency for Higher Education (QAA) assessed the school's teaching quality with 24 out of 24 points. Buildings The older part of MBS, called "MBS West" is part of the University Precinct Centre complex on the southwest corner of Oxford Road and Booth Street West. The building houses lecture and conference suites and restaurant facilities including a 101-room hotel. It is also the home of the MBA programme. The complex was designed by Hugh Wilson and Lewis Womersley and dates from the 1970s. The newer part "MBS East" lies on the northeast corner of Oxford Road and Booth Street East. It was completed in 1997 at the time when the UMIST departments co-located to form the Federal School. The building cost £7m and was designed by London architects ORMS. MBS East currently houses undergraduate services and some of the Research Centres of MBS. Manchester Accounting and Finance Group (MAFG) of MBS is located in Crawford House, which is situated opposite MBS East on the southwest corner of Oxford Road and Booth Street West and is linked via a pedestrian walkway. The Manchester Enterprise Centre, pioneer of the Master of Enterprise degree, is located in the Zochonis Building, Brunswick Street Research profile This section does not cite any references or sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2010) In the previous 2001 Research Assessment Exercise (pre-merger) the 'old' Manchester Business School and Manchester School of Management were both rated 5. Manchester School of Accounting and Finance is one of only two accounting and finance schools in the UK rated as 6* by the RAE (i.e. with RAE 5* rating for two consecutive periods). According to a survey published by Accounting and Finance in 2008, MBS is ranked as the "world number one for accounting research". Manchester has several research centres of international standing. These include those in the areas of decision sciences, employment and labour studies, technology management and innovation, and critical management studies. Among its Professors with World-ranked reputations are Professors Luke Georghiou, Ian Miles, Richard Nelson and Giovanni Dosi (Manchester Institute of Innovation Research), Professor Fang-Lee Cooke (Chinese Business and Employment), Professor Colin Talbot (Public Policy and Management), Professor John Hassard (Organization Studies), Professor Mick Marchington (HRM), Professor Jill Rubery FBA (Employment Studies), Professor Andrew Stark (Finance), and Professor Richard Whitley (Business Systems). Professor Karel Williams is currently co-heading a major new centre for the research of social change called CRESC. International exchange programmes Manchester has one of the world's largest international exchange programmes[citation needed], among others with renowned institutions such as New York University, Cornell University, Emory University, University of Chicago, University of California (all USA), Queen's University, McGill University, Schulich School of Business York University and University of Toronto (all Canada), SDA Bocconi (Italy), Helsinki School of Economics (Finland), HEC Paris (France), Copenhagen Business School (Denmark), Rotterdam School of Management (Netherlands), Stockholm School of Economics (Sweden), IE Business School (formerly Instituto de Empresa) (Spain), University of St. Gallen (Switzerland), National University of Singapore, International University of Japan, Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, Hong Kong University of Science & Technology, CEIBS (China), University of Otago (New Zealand) and the Universities of Sydney and Melbourne (both Australia). Notable alumni * Sudhir Agrawal – COO MEA & APAC, Aegis Limited * Richard Anao, Chairman, Nigerian Accounting Standards Board * Tony Bickford, Former Chairman, QAS * Tom Bloxham, founder of influential regeneration firm Urban Splash; Chancellor of the University of Manchester * Terence Burns, Baron Burns, Chairman of Abbey National plc and of Marks & Spencer * Liam Byrne, Member of the British House of Commons and Minister of State * Roger Crook, Chief Executive Officer, DHL Latin America * Don Cruickshank, Chairman of SMG plc and former chairman of London Stock Exchange * Andy Duncan, Chief Executive of Channel 4 television * Michael Earl, former Lecturer at MBS and current Dean of Templeton College at the University of Oxford * Keith Edelman, Managing Director of Arsenal Football Club * Rijkman Groenink, Chairman of the Managing Board, ABN AMRO * Teo Chee Hean, current Minister for Defence of Singapore * Robert H. Herz, Chairman, US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) * Nicholas Lander, restaurant critic for the Financial Times and consultant to the restaurant industry * Sir Terry Leahy, Chief Executive Officer of Tesco, the largest British supermarket chain. He was chosen as Britain's "Business Leader of the Year" in 2003 and the Fortune European Businessman of the Year for 2003 and was selected as Britain's most admired business leader by Management Today in 2005 * Tony Lloyd, Member of the British House of Commons * Michael D. Parker, Chief Executive Officer, BNFL * Andrew Pettigrew, currently Dean of the University of Bath School of Management * Jurek Piasecki, Chairman and Chief Executive, Goldsmith Group plc * Brian Quinn, Former Deputy Governor of the Bank of England and Chairman of Celtic F.C board * James Ross, Former Chairman, The Littlewoods Organisation * Paul Skinner, Chairman, Rio Tinto * Brenda Smith, Group Managing Director of Ascent Media Group and Former Managing Director of Granada Television * Sir Roland Smith, former director of the Bank of England and former chairman of Manchester United * Vijit Supinit, Chairman, Stock Exchange of Thailand * David Varney, Executive Chairman, HM Revenue and Customs * Andreas Vranas, Vice-Governor, National Bank of Greece Read more... Labels: UK Universities Older Posts Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Popular Posts Manchester Business School Imperial College London (officially The Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine) UK University of Manchester, England, UK University of Kent, Canterbury UK PIEAS University Admission 2010-Online Registration Apply Online in the Best Universities Allama Iqbal Open University - Lahore Campus King Saud University (KSU) Saudi Arabia Allama Iqbal Open University AIOU, Islamabad GOVERNMENT COLLEGES - AFFILIATED WITH PESHAWAR UNIVERSITY Labels 125th anniversary 2010 Baja 2010 UPAA Symposium academia and media academic camp administrative costs administrators Affiliation Afghanistan AFL-CIO after party Albania Algeria Allissa Witucki Alumni Association Electronic Newsletter Alumni Online Electronic Newsletter Alumni Relations American Federation of Teachers Andrew Schmitzer Apply Online Australia Automotive Engineering Technology Bachelor of Science in Architecture and Sustainability Baltimore Bangladesh Barb Modrack Battle Creek VA Medical Center Belgium Universities Best Mix in the Morning with Zack East Bill Bitzinger Bill Wenrich biotechnology Blackboard breaking up UC Brian Link Britain Brittle Bone Disease broken funding model Bryan Marquardt budget crisis budget cuts budget strategy budget transparency Bulldog Bytes Business Administration Business Schools. Business Colleges Cal State Canadian Universities Cedric N. Lee Charitable Organisations Chicago China Chris LeTourneau Cindy Horn College of Business Conflict of Interest Congressional investigations Contact Universities Countries Criminal Justice Dave Eisler David Eisler David Eisler. Ferris State University David Pilgrim David Tejada Davison death Degrees Detroit Free Press DTE Energy Cherry Royale Parade Economics Schools editor Education Articles effects of the cuts Emeriti Association energy efficiency faculty faculty responses to budget crisis Famous Universities Ferris Magazine Ferris Non-Tenure Track Faculty Organization Ferris Orientation Ferris Softball Ferris State Ferris State University Ferris State University Alumni Association Five-star event Five-Star RSO Awards for-profit higher ed France Universities French Universities Germany Get Back To Where You Belong Glen Okonoski Grand Ledge Grand Rapids Press Greek Universities Habitat for Humanity homecoming Homecoming 2010 Hong Kong Universities house Imagine More Student Life Bus Tour Indian Universities indirect cost recovery indirect costs International Education Irani Universities Ireland J. William Wenrich Japan Japanese Universities Jaren Wilkey Jim Bourdlais Justin Ide Kathy Lake Kelly Hicks Kelsey Schnell Lansing List of Japanese Universities List of Universities in Afghanistan List of Universities in Australia List of Universities in Canada List of Universities in Denmark List of Universities in France List of Universities in Greece List of Universities in India List of Universities in Pakistan List of Universities in S. Korea List of Universities in Saudi Arabia List of Universities in Sweden List of Universities in UAE List of Universities in UK List of Universities in USA Lori Helmer Mary Kay MacIver Maryland Matt Chaney Matt Yeoman MBA Institutes MBA Programs MBA Universities Medicaid Medical College Medical Schools Medical Universities Michael Wade Michigan College of Optometry Michigan State Senate Mike Bishop Mike Cairns mourn Netherlands Universities Newberry News Services Nobel Laureates non-tenured Norway Universities NWFP Colleges Ocular Disease residency on line education online community Online Universities Osteogenesis Imperfecta outstanding graduate Oxford University Pakistan Pakistani Colleges Pakistani Universities Paradise Valley paralyzed Peshawar Philippines Points of Pride political science President David L. Eisler President Eisler President Wenrich Private Institutes proposed UC budget public funding research funding restructuring retired Richard Blum Richard Gere Robert Barnum Rochester Hills Russia S. Korean Universities Saginaw Valley State University Sandy Gholston Sara Weidmayer Saudi Arabia's Universities Scott Galvin sculpture Seth Gitner Society of Automotive Engineers Spain Universities spinal cord injury staff state budget state funding Student Leadership and Activities Student Recreation Center students summer camp Sunny Sustainability Swiss Universities Television and Digital Media Production The Double The Rock The Rock Café Thunder In The Valley Games Tim Webb Top Ranking Universities TV 9and10 UC financing UC Regents UCOF UCOP UCOP advocacy for UC UCOP-campus relations UK Universities Universities Universities in Albania Universities in Australia Universities in China Universities in Germany Universities in India Universities in Sweden Universities in UAE Universities in Ukraine Universities in USA Universities Videos University Advancement and Marketing Valarie Franklin video feature Videos Warren Hills Zack East Casino articles Casino bonuses Video Poker Machine Casino SOCCER Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner   © Blogger templates The Professional Template by Ourblogtemplates.com 2008 Back to TOP  