

 Login | Register

 
View site in हिंदी

HEALTH A-Z
HEALTHY LIVING
PARENTING & PREGNANCY
DIET & NUTRITION
MEDICINES
DOCTORS & HOSPITALS
Photos | Videos | Sex & Relationship | Weight Loss | Ayurveda | Beauty & Personal Care | Diabetes | Pregnancy | Baby Names

Global Challenges: Water Sanitation & Health
Water has been revered and held in the highest esteem for ages. Learn what threatens the efforts of good water sanitation and health worldwide.

How to Test Drinking Water Quality
Most bacterial diseases that affect mankind are waterborne. Learn how to test the drinking quality of water, here.

FAQs on Importance of Water
Water may be available in abundance, but is it valued as much as it deserves? Find out how important water really is through these FAQs.

How much Water is too much a Day?
Gulping a few glasses of water a day helps one stay healthy, but have you known how much of it is too much, yet? Find out, here.
Global Challenges: Water Sanitation & Health
How to Test Drinking Water Quality
FAQs on Importance of Water
How much Water is too much a Day?
Browse Health Conditions »
Abortion
Acne
Acute Sinusitis
Allergy
Alzheimers
Anemia
Anorexia Nervosa
Appendicitis
Arthritis
Asthma
Autism
Brain Tumor
Bulimia
Cancer
Cataracts
Cold And Flu
Dementia
Dengue
Depression
Dyslexia
Epilepsy
Gallstones
Gas (Flatulence)
Gonorrhea
Gout
Heart Health
Hernia
Indigestion
Insomnia
Juvenile Arthritis
Liver Cancer
Malaria
Meningitis
Migraine
Multiple Sclerosis (MS)
Nausea
Osteoarthritis
Osteoporosis
Peptic Ulcer
Pinkeye Conjunctivitis
Pneumonia
Postpartum Depression
Restless Legs Syndrome
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Scarlet Fever
Swine FLU
Syphilis
Urinary Incontinence
Urinary Retention
See All Conditions »




 
Health Tools »
    

Follow Onlymyhealth.com »

Like Us 
Follow
Watch Us
Subscribe


Ask Cupid

I am a 33 year old successful woman. I have been dating on and off for more than 10 years now. Since I am a workaholic and a careerist, ....read more..

LOVE | SEX

Quiz »
Which is the commonest symptom of tuberculosis? 
 Cough for a prolonged duration.
 Weight Gain.
 Conjunctivitis.
 
 

Latest Videos Latest Slideshows

एक नई राह - Let's..
This is the story of hope and undying social commitment. This is..


Methods to Treat..
Children with TB are treated with a basic regimen of 6 months of..


Symptoms of..
The most apparent symptoms of tuberculosis include low-grade fever,..


Most Read Articles

Antibiotics with milk is not a safe combo
According to the findings of research in University Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Panjab University, when an antibiotic is taken with dairy products they tend to lose their effectiveness to..

How to Deal with Allergy Season
People dread change in season because that is when most allergy cases are reported. Here is a quick guide to help you learn deal with allergy season. Get going and fix the problem even before it..

What are the symptoms of Pericarditis?
The symptoms of pericarditis are fever and chest pain.

What is the prognosis of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus?
Prognosis: People with type 1 diabetes generally adjust quickly to the time and attention that is needed to monitor blood sugar, treat the disease and maintain a normal lifestyle.

How your Teeth change with Age
Our teeth are essential components in our make-up; they must last through our entire life, so what are the factors that compromise their welfare?
Latest Health Articles »

How to Make Twins Sleep
Easy ways for you to make your twins sleep.
What is Multi-drug Resistant TB?
Types of Tuberculosis
Tuberculosis of the Spine
Benefits of Acupressure Therapy
Pregnancy »

Fatigue during Pregnancy
Pregnancy is synonymous with fatigue.
Reasons For Early Miscarriage
What you Didn’t Know About Labour
What causes Negative Pregnancy Test?
How to Use Pregnancy Test Strips
Read more »
Yoga »

What is Naad Yoga?
Learn what impact vibrations in the environment have on your mind through Naad Yoga.
Yoni Mudra Kriya Yoga
Mantra Yoga Poses
Benefits of Anulom Vilom Pranayam
What is Anulom Vilom Pranayam?
Read more »
Understand Glaucoma 
Glaucoma: Symptoms & Treatment
Dr. Reena Choudhry 
It is important to detect glaucoma in its initial stages as it is not reversible and cannot be cured, but timely detection can help arrest the disease so that the patient never develops any visual disability.
Anorexia Nervosa Signs and Symptoms 
Symptoms of Anorexia Nervosa
Dr Poonam Sachdev 
Diabetic Ketoacidosis Prevention 
Tips to Prevent Diabetic Ketoacidosis
Dr Poonam Sachdev 
Find out tips and strategies to to prevent Diabetic Ketoacidosis.
Beauty Treatments & Body Surgeries 
Stem Cell Therapy and its Trend in India
Nayantara 
India has the ability to become a leader in Regenerative Medicine and with the recent formation of the National Apex Committee to oversee Stem Cell Research in the country, we expect that we’ll see a significant increase in the amount of evidence-based research coming out of India.
Childbirth (Delivery) 
Oral Hygiene for a Smooth Delivery
Dr Gopalakrishnan 
Along with a complete oral care routine remember to eat healthy, get rest and take adequate care of yourself during this crucial period to insure a hassle free delivery.
Hair Care Basics 
Effects of Hair spa treatments
Paulomi Dhawan 
Hair spa treatments offer unique and personalised solution for your hair. Hair spa are effective in combating problems such as hair loss, dandruff and split ends.
Health News »

Is the Polio Scare Really Gone?
Doubts over polio's eradication from India.
Study: Heartbeat Reflects Personality
Tuberculosis Kills Women Silently
New TB test promises Early and Effective Diagnosis
Deadliest Form of TB cured in Belgium
Sex & Relationship »

When Dating turns Dangerous!
There is an evil side to dating that you wish you knew.
Causes of Unhappy Sexual Life for Women
What Is Sexual Anorexia?
How Fitness affects your Sex Life
How to use Oral Contraceptive Pills
Read more »
Weight Loss »

Common Weight Loss Problems
Find out what is stopping you from gaining weight.
Easy Ways to Start Losing Weight
How to Lose Weight on a Budget
How to Lose Weight & Fat for Men
Tips to Lose Weight after a Baby
Read more »
What Is Sex Addiction?

Do you think about sex compulsively?
Read more »
Recipes for Weight Loss Shakes

Healthier way of shedding weight!
Read more »
Eat an Apple to Lose Weight

Eating apple before every meal induces weight loss.
Read more »
Health Expert »
Deepti Yadav 
Make-Up Artist 
Deepti Yadav is a proficient make-up artist with her own studio in Gurgaon, NCR. Our expert section on make-up handles queries regarding latest trends, and make-up techniques.
Shachi Sohal 
Dietician 
Shachi has over 7 years of practice as a Dietician with reputed Health Institutions in Delhi. In this section, you can read queries on diet and nutrition answered by our expert.
Dr. Sunil Choudhary 
Plastic Surgeon 
Dr. Sunil Choudhary is the Director & Head of Max Institute of Aesthetic & Reconstructive Surgery at Max Super Speciality Hospital, Saket in New Delhi.
Ritikaa Vasudev 
Skin & Beauty Specialist 
Ritikaa Vasudev is associated with the field of beauty runs her own studio in New Delhi. In this section she will answer all your queries related to beauty, bridal make-up and homemade remedies.
Sandeep Madaan 
MD Ayurveda 
Dr. Sandeep Madaan is Chief Ayurveda Consultant at Aastha Ayurvedic Clinic. In our expert section on Ayurveda he will answer queries related to Ayurvedic remedies and treatments.
Dr Pulkit Sharma 
Psychologist and Psychoanalytical Therapist 
Dr. Pulkit Sharma is a clinical psychologist and psychoanalytical therapist at VIMHANS. In our expert section, he will handle questions related to psychological problems and also relationships.
Dr Trupti Jayin 
Past Life Therapist 
Dr Trupti Jayin is an Past life Therapist and her show Raaz Pichle Janam Ka on Imagine Tv has been a pioneering show on the subject of Past Life Therapy across the world.
Doctor Sai Kiran Chaudhuri
MD Chest Diseases 
Doctor Sai Kiran Chaudhuri has been associated with the Delhi heart & Lung Institute since 2003. He is a consultant there in the Department of Pulmonology, Critical Care and Sleep Medicine.
Sanjana Batra 
Yoga Expert 
Sanjana Batra is a yoga workshop consultant with extensive experience. In this section, experts answer questions related to yoga, meditation and techniques of practice.
Question & Answer »Ask QuestionAnswer Question
erectile dysfunction...
In Sex & Relationships 
Asked by: sunny0011|Answer: 1
I have been married to my husband since the past 28 years...
In Depression 
Asked by: Shilpi|Answer: 1
Travel
In Pregnancy 
Asked by: prativa_devi|Answer: 0
i have some cough problem pls help me 
In Male Infertility 
Asked by: narendra|Answer: 0
ayurveda hav fast result
In Ayurveda 
Asked by: dr.rajgor|Answer: 0
I have a severe acne problem. I was suggested turmeric for..
In Skin conditions 
Asked by: amit|Answer: 1
Hair loss And Itching on my head?
In Hair Care 
Asked by: Gulshan Yadav|Answer: 1
regular back pain
In Back Pain 
Asked by: tkeshao2011|Answer: 0
penis doesn't erect
In Sex & Relationships 
Asked by: smarpan|Answer: 1
I am a 28 years old woman. My husband and me have started..
In Pregnancy 
Asked by: Seema|Answer: 1
how to prevent white hair?
In Hair Care 
Asked by: tanuj shekhar|Answer: 1
dandruff
In Hair Care 
Asked by: Ranjan Kumar|Answer: 0
Editor's Pick »

How to Handle Parenting Criticism? 
Vegetarian Diet Plan for Weight Loss 
How Do Birth Control Pills Work? 
Mulberry Juice Shrinks Wrinkles 
Tips for Keeping a Healthy Back 
How Does Divorce Affect Children? 
Hair Growth Tips for Women 
How to prevent Obesity? 
General Dating Rules for Women 
Toning Up with Yoga 
How to Remove Dental Stains 
Pregnancy and Workplace Issues

Informative Health Articles »
What is the prognosis of Head Injury in.. 
What is the treatment of Seborrheic.. 
What is Implantation Bleeding? 
Ear Wax Build-up in Kids 
Cancer Jab could wipe out Tumours 
UAE Travel Information 
How to Deal with Age difference in.. 
What is the prognosis of Pinched Nerves? 
What are the symptoms of Arthritis.. 
Symptoms of Primary Bone Cancer 
Posture Causes Back Pain 
What are the symptoms of Gangliosidoses? 
Healthy Recipes: Youghurt and Spice 
What is the expected duration of.. 
How Meditation Could Ease Psychiatric.. 
Grapefruit Diet Plan 
What are the symptoms of Multifocal.. 
Uterine Cancer: When should one Seek.. 
Hypertension Stage 2 Symptoms and.. 
What is the prognosis of Childhood.. 
What is the expected duration of Urinary.. 
How to Detect Diabetes in Cats? 
How do people inherit Achondrogenesis? 
What are Scalp Cysts? 
Nutritional Facts about Food 
Eye Make-up Tips for Contact Lens.. 
Hypoglycemia: When to seek medical help? 
What follow up procedures need to be.. 
What is the prognosis of Sexually.. 
What are the symptoms of Pyelonephritis? 
Health A-Z
Arthritis 
Asthma 
Cancer 
Diabetes 
Heart Health 
Depression 
Gestational Diabetes 
Allergy 
Migraine 
Flu 
Healthy Living
Mens Health 
Sex and Relationships 
Beauty and Personal Care 
Hair Care 
Skin Care 
Womens Health 
Mental Health 
Office Health 
Exercise & Fitness 
Dental Health 
Parenting
Single Parenting 
Adoption 
Parenting Tips 
Kids (4-7) 
Teens (13+) 
Newborn Care 
Medical & Safety Tips 
Pregnancy
Getting Pregnant 
Abortions & Miscarriages 
During Pregnancy 
Labour & Delivery 
Pregnancy Week by Week 
Pregnancy Symptoms 
Pregnancy Test 
Pregnancy Diet 
Pregnancy Fitness 
Pregnancy and Travel 
Alternative Therapies
Homeopathy 
Ayurveda 
Meditation 
Yoga 
Acupuncture 
Reiki 
Non Surgical Treatments 
Home Remedies 
Diet & Nutrition
Healthy Eating 
Diet Basics 
Diet Plans 
Weight Management 
Weight Gain 
Weight Loss 

 Fan us on Facebook  Join us on Google+  Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our RSS feed

Home | About us | Management | Contact us | Privacy | Terms of Use | Sitemap.xml
Copyright © 2012 Onlymyhealth.com. All Rights Reserved
The information on this web site is provided for educational purposes only and should not be used for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. You must consult with an authorized healthcare professional before using any of the information on this website. Use of this site is subject to our Terms of Use and Privacy
    
