Couch Potato Couch Potato Indian Hindi TV serials - You love them, you hate them, but you can't stop watching them! Pages Home About Couch Potato Song Titles in Serial Names! Bade Acche Lagte Hain and Kuch Toh Log Kahengey! Perhaps no one was able to appropriately provide new titles for the new shows on Sony TV. Hence they seem to be 'inspired' by apne puraane gaane. Chalo, the positive thing is that both the shows are good to watch... for now at least. The script, dialogues, cast and logic look nice for now. But after a couple of months, will the shows fall in the typical category? Well, let's wait and watch! For now who cares log kya kahengey when logon ko serials ke bade naam acche lagte hain! Labels: Bade Acche Lagte Hain, Kuch Toh Log Kahengey, Sony serials, Sony TV, Sony TV Shows 0 comments Reactions:  Links to this post Manav and Archana to marry in Pavitra Rishta I have been watching episodes after episodes of Pavitra Rishta hoping that Manav and Archana will get together finally. And today's episode (12th November 2010) finally had the twist. With Jayvant's truth being revealed (yet again) and Shravani opting out from the wedding (she 'allowed' Manav to marry Archana), the serial was worth watching today. I hope now there's no more stretching in the story. Labels: Archana, Hindi serials, Manav, Manav Archana marriage, Manav Archana wedding, Pavitra Rishta, Pavitra Rishta Episodes, Pavitra Rishta Story, Zee TV 1 comments Reactions:  Links to this post Pavitra Rishta's Archana slaps Dharmesh! Now the 7th October episode of Pavitra Rishta was full of drama, emotions and action. Archana has had enough and when she discovers that she had been cheated into signing a declaration against Manav, she loses her temper and how. It's weird how Dharmesh justifies the action. The heat rises in presence of the entire extended family (Satish and Jayvant's families as well). It reaches to a point when Darmesh questions and insults Archana's existing relation with Manav and she slaps him tight. Of course,that calls for a walkout by Dharmesh, Satish and Jayvant's families. Later, Archana's mother Sulochana reprimands her. Archana is heartbroken and decides to support the innocent Manav. Labels: Archana, Manav, Pavitra Rishta, Pavitra Rishta Episodes, Pavitra Rishta Story 0 comments Reactions:  Links to this post Jhansi Ki Rani on Zee TV Will Manu disclose her identity in the 29th June episode of Zee TV's Jhansi Ki Rani? For some reason, I am hooked on to the Jhansi Ki Rani Show on Zee TV. I have been watching the serial from day 1 and am very impressed with the casting and the execution of the show. The young girl portraying the Rani Lakshmi Bai character (Ulka Gupta) acted brilliantly and the new female (Manu's older version Kritika Sengar) smoothly took over the role since recently. Now, Manu / Jhansi Ki Rani has saved the King and Tatya Tope has advised her to reveal her identity for the benefit of Jhansi. Will she or won't she? Well, let's wait and watch in the 29th June episode. Check out the 28th June episode of the serial on the official Zee TV website here. Image courtesy: Zee TV Labels: Jhansi Ki Rani, Jhansi Ki Rani Cast, Jhansi Ki Rani Episodes, TV Shows, Zee TV 5 comments Reactions:  Links to this post Sari sale in Taarak Mehtra serial The latest episode of Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma touches the shopping habit of women. To be precise, it focuses on the way most of us are attracted to sales and discounts.So Anjali Mehta's friend tells her about this sari sale and she shares the news with the Gokuldham society women. What follows is a khatta-meeta account of how these women try to convince their husbands and get some money! And after being able to do so, they are all set to visit the sari shop and make the most of the discounts. But will they? Let's wait and watch, Labels: Anjali Tarak Mehta, Comedy Show, Daya Bhabhi, Jethalal, SAB TV, Taarak Mehta, Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma, Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma episodes 0 comments Reactions:  Links to this post Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Subscribe in a reader TV Channels SAB TV Star One Star Plus Zee Bangla Zee TV Recent Posts Check out Aapki Antara Trailer Adhiraj Ads Armaan and Riddhimi Die Austism Comedy Circus Comedy Show Dev Episode FIR April 23 Episode FIR February 25 FIR May 11 Hitesh Chauhan Janmashtami Special Episodes Jennifer Winget Jokes Lux Perfect Bride Title Song MJHT 15th December episode Movie Video Reviews myPOPKORN.com Navin Prabhakar Online TV Pehchaan Kaun Radhika Reality Show Rumpa Roy Sameer Avni Interview Samrat Serial Videos Serials with same story Show Timing Sony Episode Videos Suhaani Swapnil Joshi TV Serial TV Serials TV Show TV Shows Video Site VIP Comedy Circus Watch Videos Online Followers TV Shows 12/24 Karol Bagh Aapki Antara Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo Balika Vadhu Bidaai Burey Bhi Hum Bhale Bhi Hum Chhoti Bahu Dill Mill Gayye Do Saheliyaan FIR Ghar Ki Lakshmi Betiyaan Hamari Devrani Hello Kaun Pehchaan Kaun Jhansi Ki Rani Laughter Challenge Love Ne Mila Di Jodi Lux Perfect Bride Pavitra Rishta Sach Ka Saamna Shree Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma The Great Indian Laughter Challenge My Blog List Mumbai [Bombay] local train: a world of its own Vegetarian Recipes Movie trailers and reviews As I look at life Hotels and Restaurants: The Navi Mumbai Blog Shopaholic City Sport & Spirit Valentine's Day Miley Jab Hum Tum (MJHT) Star One Anuradha Khanna Pentapalli Founder - Rippletors, Creative Minds at Play. Masters in Analytical and Medicinal Chemistry. But perhaps there was some chemistry between me and writing that translated into a eleven-year (and counting) relationship with copywriting. Skills - branding, print ads, hoardings, posters, direct mailers, conceptualizing event themes, writing brochures and compendiums to radio spots, TVC scripts, online advertising, websites, SEM and SEO for content. View my complete profile Blog Archive ▼  2011 (1) ▼  October (1) Song Titles in Serial Names! ►  2010 (13) ►  November (1) Manav and Archana to marry in Pavitra Rishta ►  October (1) Pavitra Rishta's Archana slaps Dharmesh! ►  June (1) Jhansi Ki Rani on Zee TV ►  April (4) Sari sale in Taarak Mehtra serial Choti Bahu's Vishakha tries to kill Radhika Rona dhona and all the drama Now Laali makes a sacrifice in Agle Janam Mohe Bit... ►  March (3) Height of sorrow in Zee TV's Pavitra Rishta Armaan is back, will Riddhima stay with Sid? Anandi of Balika Vadhu is dead ►  January (3) Tarak Mehta Serial - Republic Day Special Are Armaan and Riddhima getting back together? Love Ne Milla Di Typical Kahaani ►  2009 (49) ►  December (11) Love Ne Milla Di Jodi: Balraj murder mystery solve... Love Ne Milla Di Jodi: Prithvi, Sameer and Varun f... Suhaani tells Samrat she is his sister Who is Lux Perfect Bride winner? Who is Rumpa Roy? Who is Hitesh Chauhan? Love Ne Milla Di Jodi’s Ila Gujral Confesses Balra... Love Ne Milla Di Jodi’s Ila Gujral Confesses Balra... Love Ne Mila Di Jodi - Balraj murder mystery mein ... Jethalal Daya play Garba in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah... Dev marries Radhika in Choti Bahu, last episode of... ►  November (4) Some TV channels cashing in on Mumbai’s 26/11 Secret of Balraj's murder revealed in Love Ne Mila... Inderjit knows Prithvi, Sameer and Varun's secret ... Lux Perfect Bride title song by Kailash Kher ►  October (2) Aapki Antara: Antara's brother Abhishek is in dang... Love Ne Mila Di Jodi – Truly romantic serial ►  September (8) Will Dev and Radhika’s Marriage Get Cancelled? Dill Mill Gayye New Interns Real Names Armaan and Riddhimi Die? Dill Mill Gayye Episode V... Zee Bangla Official Website is Amazing – Watch Ben... Chhoti Bahu – Dev Punishes Shastriji in September ... It’s all about exposing in television serials on S... Zee TV serial Shree’s Kangna is one lucky person Where is FIR’s Inspector Hanuman Prasad / Shiv Pan... ►  August (7) Laxmi Narayan Tripathi on Sach Ka Saamna Shree and Ghar Ki Lakshmi Betiyaan all about ashes... Chhoti Bahu’s Radhika finally agrees to marry Dev Love Ne Mila Di Jodi: Sameer-Avni Interview Love Ne Mila Di Jodi Telecast Time, Repeat Telecas... Love Ne Mila Di Jodi - A good story on Star One Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chashma Janmashtami Special ►  July (1) Sach Ka Saamna Star Plus Reality Show Controversy ►  June (2) F.I.R. June 18 Episode Video - myPOPKORN Swapnil Joshi - VIP - Profile of Indian Comedians ►  May (5) What is austism? ►  April (8) ►  March (1) ►  2008 (3) ►  December (1) ►  October (1) ►  September (1) Simple template. Powered by Blogger.