UN SMK | Ujian Nasional SMK 2011 skip to main | skip to sidebar UN SMK 2011 and Latihan Soal UN 2011 Home Applied Science UN Soal UN Soal Snmptn Soal STAN About Simak UI UMB PTN Ujian Snmptn UN SD UN SMP UN SMA UN SMK SPMB Unsoed PMDK SMK Teknologi Komunikasi [5:51 AM | 0 comments ] Telecommunications engineering or telecom engineering is a major field within Electronic engineering. The work ranges from basic circuit design to strategic mass developments. A telecommunication engineer is responsible for designing and overseeing the installation of telecommunications equipment and facilities, such as complex electronic switching systems, copper telephone facilities, and fiber optics. Telecom engineering also overlaps heavily with broadcast engineering. Telecommunication is a diverse field of engineering including electronics, civil, structural, and electrical engineering as well as being a political and social ambassador, a little bit of accounting and a lot of project management. Ultimately, telecom engineers are responsible for providing the method that customers can get telephone and high speed data services. Telecom engineers use a variety of different equipment and transport media available from a multitude of manufacturers to design the telecom network infrastructure. The most common media, often referred to as plant in the telecom industry, used by telecommunications companies today are copper, coaxial cable, fiber, and radio. Telecom engineers are often expected, as most engineers are, to provide the best solution possible for the lowest cost to the company. This often leads to creative solutions to problems that often would have been designed differently without the budget constraints dictated by modern society. In the earlier days of the telecom industry massive amounts of cable were placed that were never used or have been replaced by modern technology such as fiber optic cable and digital multiplexing techniques. Telecom engineers are also responsible for keeping the records of the companies’ equipment and facilities and assigning appropriate accounting codes for purposes of taxes and maintenance. As telecom engineers responsible for budgeting and overseeing projects and keeping records of equipment, facilities and plant the telecom engineer is not only an engineer but an accounting assistant or bookkeeper (if not an accountant) and a project manager as well. This article provides an overview of the major field, telecommunications engineering. Readers might be interested to have a look at electronic engineering and broadcast engineering which are heavily related to telecommunications engineering and often taught together in different academic institutes. Download National Exam Resources for UN SMK Download Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK Teknologi Komunikasi 2098-KST-Teknik Produksi dan Penyiaran Program Radio 2107-KST-Teknik Produksidan Penyiaran Program Pertelevisian Download Soal UN SMK Download Latihan Soal UN SMK Indonesia Language English Language Mathematics Read More... SMK Teknologi Mesin [5:51 AM | 0 comments ] Mechanical engineering is a discipline of engineering that applies the principles of physics and materials science for analysis, design, manufacturing, and maintenance of mechanical systems. It is the branch of engineering that involves the production and usage of heat and mechanical power for the design, production, and operation of machines and tools.The engineering field requires a vast understanding of core concepts including mechanics, kinematics, thermodynamics, materials science, and structural analysis. Mechanical engineers use these core principles along with tools like computer-aided engineering and product lifecycle management to design and analyze manufacturing plants, industrial equipment and machinery, heating and cooling systems, transport systems, aircraft, watercraft, robotics, medical devices and more. Mechanical engineering emerged as a field during the industrial revolution in Europe in the 18th century; however, its development can be traced back several thousand years around the world. Mechanical engineering science emerged in the 19th century as a result of developments in the field of physics. The field has continually evolved to incorporate advancements in technology, and mechanical engineers today are pursuing developments in such fields as composites, mechatronics, and nanotechnology. Mechanical engineering overlaps with aerospace engineering, civil engineering, electrical engineering, and petroleum engineering to varying amounts. Download National Exam Resources for UN SMK Download Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK Teknologi Mesin 1254-KST-Teknik Pemesinan 1272-KST-Teknik Gambar Mesin 1263-KST-Teknik Pemeliharaan Mekanik Industri Download Soal UN SMK Download Latihan Soal UN SMK Indonesia Language English Language Mathematics Read More... SMK Teknologi Logam [5:51 AM | 0 comments ] Metallurgy is a domain of materials science that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements, their intermetallic compounds, and their mixtures, which are called alloys. Metallurgy is distinguished from the craft of metalworking. In production engineering, metallurgy is concerned with the production of metallic components for use in consumer or engineering products. This involves the production of alloys, the shaping, the heat treatment and the surface treatment of the product. The task of the metallurgist is to achieve balance between material properties such as cost, weight, strength, toughness, hardness, corrosion and fatigue resistance, and performance in temperature extremes. To achieve this goal, the operating environment must be carefully considered. In a saltwater environment, ferrous metals and some aluminium alloys corrode quickly. Metals exposed to cold or cryogenic conditions may endure a ductile to brittle transition and lose their toughness, becoming more brittle and prone to cracking. Metals under continual cyclic loading can suffer from metal fatigue. Metals under constant stress at elevated temperatures can creep. Download National Exam Resources for UN SMK Download Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK Teknologi Logam 1227-KST-Teknik Pengelasan 1236-KST-Teknik Fabrikasi Logam 1245-KST-Teknik Pengecoran Logam 1592-KST-Teknik Instrumentasi Logam dan Gelas Download Soal UN SMK Download Latihan Soal UN SMK Indonesia Language English Language Mathematics Read More... SMK Teknologi Multimedia [5:34 AM | 0 comments ] Multimedia is media and content that uses a combination of different content forms. The term can be used as a noun (a medium with multiple content forms) or as an adjective describing a medium as having multiple content forms. The term is used in contrast to media which only use traditional forms of printed or hand-produced material. Multimedia includes a combination of text, audio, still images, animation, video, and interactivity content forms. Multimedia is usually recorded and played, displayed or accessed by information content processing devices, such as computerized and electronic devices, but can also be part of a live performance. Multimedia (as an adjective) also describes electronic media devices used to store and experience multimedia content. Multimedia is distinguished from mixed media in fine art; by including audio, for example, it has a broader scope. The term "rich media" is synonymous for interactive multimedia. Hypermedia can be considered one particular multimedia application. Download National Exam Resources for UN SMK Download Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK Teknologi Multimedia 2116-KST-Animasi 1174-KST-Teknik Audio Video 2089-KST-Multimedia 1538-KST-Persiapan Grafika 1547-KST-Produksi Grafika Download Soal UN SMK Download Latihan Soal UN SMK Indonesia Language English Language Mathematics Read More... SMK Teknologi Perkapalan [5:33 AM | 0 comments ] Shipping has multiple meanings. It can be a physical process of transporting goods and cargo, by land, air, and sea. Land or "ground" shipping can be by train or by truck. Ground transportation is typically more affordable than air shipments, but more expensive than shipping by sea. Shipment of freight by trucks, directly from the shipper to the destination, is known as a door to door shipment. Vans and trucks make deliveries to sea ports and air ports where freight is moved in bulk. Much shipping is done aboard actual ships. An individual nation's fleet and the people that crew it are referred to its merchant navy or merchant marine. Merchant shipping is essential to the world economy, carrying 90% of international trade with 50,000 merchant ships worldwide. Download National Exam Resources for UN SMK Download Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK Teknologi Perkapalan 1396-KST-Konstruksi Kapal Baja 1405-KST-Teknik Pengelasan Kapal 1414-KST-Instalasi Pemesinan Kapal 1423-KST-Kelistrikan Kapal 1432-KST-Gambar Rancang Bangun Kapal 1449-KST-Teknik Konstruksi Kapal Kayu dan Fiberglass 1458-KST-Interior Kapal 1645-KST-Nautika Kapal Niaga 1654-KST-Teknika Kapal Niaga 1663-KST-Nautika Kapal Penangkap Ikan 1672-KST-Teknika Kapal Penangkap Ikan Download Soal UN SMK Download Latihan Soal UN SMK Indonesia Language English Language Mathematics Read More... Older Posts Teori UN SMK 2011 According Kisi-kisi UN Teori Bahasa Indonesia UN SMK Teori Bahasa Inggris UN SMK Teori Matematika UN SMK Program Teknik Teori Matematika UN SMK Program Non Teknik Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Latihan Matematika Latihan Bahasa Inggris Latihan Bahasa Indonesia Recent Posts Pages Home Total Pageviews Popular Posts Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Bahasa Indonesia Problem Indonesian UN made ​​about 50 (fifty) about and apply for SMA / MA all courses, all courses SMK, SMP / MTS, and SD / MI. Problem Ind... Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Bahasa Inggris English about the UN is made of about 40 (forty) about and apply for SMA / MA all courses, all courses SMK, SMP / MTS, and are not tested in... Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK 2011 Vocational schools (SMK) is one form of formal education unit that organizes vocational education at secondary education level as a cont... Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Mathematics Mathematical Problem UN made ​​about 40 (forty) about and apply for SMA / MA all courses, all courses SMK, SMP / MTS, and SD / MI. Apparent... UN SMK Technology Competency Skills Technology is the usage and knowledge of tools, techniques, crafts, systems or methods of organization in order to solve a problem or serve ... SMK Administrasi Perkantoran In business, administration consists of the performance or management of business operations and thus the making or implementing of a major ... SMK Teknologi Komunikasi Telecommunications engineering or telecom engineering is a major field within Electronic engineering. The work ranges from basic circuit des... SMK Akuntansi Accountancy is the process of communicating financial information about a business entity to users such as shareholders and managers. The pr... SMK Teknologi Logam Metallurgy is a domain of materials science that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements, their intermetallic compou... Prediksi Soal UN SMK 2010 Previously, the test subject matter vocational students there are only four, namely Mathematics, Indonesian, English and practical exams. F... Blog Archive ▼ 2011 (31) ▼ March (29) SMK Teknologi Komunikasi SMK Teknologi Mesin SMK Teknologi Logam SMK Teknologi Multimedia SMK Teknologi Perkapalan SMK Teknologi Pertambangan dan Perminyakan SMK Teknologi Kimia SMK Teknologi Tekstil SMK Teknologi Otomotif SMK Teknologi Penerbangan SMK Teknologi Elektro SMK Teknologi Informasi SMK Teknologi Bangunan Kisi-kisi Teori Kejuruan SMK 2011 SMK Pekerjaan Sosial SMK Teknologi Kerumahtanggaan SMK Kerajinan SMK Seni SMK Pariwisata SMK Penjualan SMK Akuntansi SMK Pertanian SMK Administrasi Perkantoran SMK Kesehatan Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Bahasa Inggris Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Bahasa Indonesia Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Mathematics UN SMK Technology Competency Skills Vocational School ► February (2) Latihan Soal UN SMK 2011 Jadwal UN SMK 2011 ► 2010 (11) ► March (11) Prediksi Soal Ujian Nasional SMK 2010 Theory of Information and Communication Technology... Art and Craft Theories Engineering Theory Business Management Theories Agriculture Theory Occupational Health Case Management Theory Learn How to Do it Better Prediksi Soal UN SMK 2010 UN SMK 2010 Welcome to Information about UN SMK 2010 Label Cloud Bahasa Indonesia (1) Bahasa Inggris (1) Kisi-kisi (1) Latihan Soal (1) Mathematics (1) National Exam (1) Prediksi Soal UN SMK 2010 (1) SMK Administrasi Perkantoran (1) SMK Akuntansi (1) SMK Kerajinan (1) SMK Kesehatan (1) SMK Pariwisata (1) SMK Pekerjaan Sosial (1) SMK Penjualan (1) SMK Pertanian (1) SMK Seni (1) SMK Teknologi Bangunan (1) SMK Teknologi Elektro (1) SMK Teknologi Informasi (1) SMK Teknologi Kerumahtanggan (1) SMK Teknologi Kimia (1) SMK Teknologi Komunikasi (1) SMK Teknologi Logam (1) SMK Teknologi Mesin (1) SMK Teknologi Multimedia (1) SMK Teknologi Otomotif (1) SMK Teknologi Penerbangan (1) SMK Teknologi Perkapalan (1) SMK Teknologi Pertambangan dan Perminyakan (1) SMK Teknologi Tekstil (1) Technology (1) UN SMK 2010 (2) UN SMK 2011 (2) Vocational School (1) Vocational Theory (7) Stats Alexa Search   Copyright 2008 UN SMK - Entries (RSS) - Comment (RSS) Redesign by International Blogspot | World Databases by ThemeLib and Michael Jubel