UFC 128 Live Stream skip to main | skip to sidebar UFC 128 Live Stream Home Posts RSS Comments RSS Edit Shogun vs. Jones Fight Video - 2:08 AM - 0 comments Advertisement Are you one of those people who are looking fo great live streaming video website where you can watch UFC 128: Shogun vs. Jones Replay Fight Video in the Net? If you said Yes! Now is you moment to see the fight video between Maurício Rua vs. Jon Jones online for free. UFC 128: Maurício Rua vs. Jon Jones is an upcoming mixed martial arts event to be held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on March 19, 2011 at Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. A bout between Tito Ortiz and Antônio Rogério Nogueira, was linked to this event, but was moved to headline UFC Fight Night 24. Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook UFC 128 Live Stream Posted In UFC 128 Live Stream - 4:56 AM - 0 comments Advertisement The UFC 128: Shogun vs. Jones is an upcoming mixed martial arts event to be held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship this coming Saturday March 19, 2011 at exactly 7:00 PM/ET at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey Official fight card Main card Light Heavyweight Championship bout: Maurício Rua (c) vs. Jon Jones Bantamweight bout: Urijah Faber vs. Eddie Wineland Middleweight bout: Nate Marquardt vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama Lightweight bout: Jim Miller vs. Kamal Shalorus Heavyweight bout: Mirko Filipović vs. Brendan Schaub Preliminary card (Spike TV) Lightweight bout: Edson Barboza vs. Anthony Njokuani Preliminary card Welterweight bout: Ricardo Almeida vs. Mike Pyle Lightweight bout: Kurt Pellegrino vs. Gleison Tibau Bantamweight bout: Joseph Benavidez vs. Ian Loveland Middleweight bout: Dan Miller vs. Nick Catone Announced Bouts Light Heavyweight bout: Luiz Cane vs. Eliot Marshall Featherweight bout: Raphael Assunção vs. Erik Koch UFC 128 Promo Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)   Clean Simple White Wordpress Theme by Mazznoer. Converted To Blogger By Otakworks. UFC 128 Live Stream