Men's Underwear - Men's Boxers, Briefs, Bikinis, Thongs, Jocks, Bodysuits, 

Suspensories. Men's Underwear - Men's Boxers, Briefs, Bikinis, Thongs, Jocks, Bodysuits, Suspensories. Top Tips to Looking Your Best In Briefs 1. Choose a pair that covers your entire backside. 2. Wear a color that looks good with your skin tone. For more tips, explore the archives. Underwear Party - Summer or Winter-Style Underwear%20Party%204, originally uploaded by Torrent. It's party time. In the Northern hemisphere, it's full-blown summer. In the Southern hemisphere, it's the depths of winter. Either way, a good pair of tighty-whities and a couple of friends is a good way to beat the summer heat with some beer or beat the winter chill with some cocoa. For the U.S.-based peeps, enjoy your fourth of July with your burgers and briefs! Your Male Underwear Enthusiast, Torrent at 10:00 PM | 4 comments Bachelor Party Underwear Gifts Why should the ladies have all the fun with the giving of naughty lingerie at Bachelorette Parties? If there is going to be sexual behavior after marriage and on the honeymoon, why deny your male friends the fun of putting on something naughty, too? Try this masculine g-string by Tulio, which a basketball short-like mesh sold at Nuwear's Men's Underwear. Your Male Underwear Enthusiast, Torrent at 8:14 AM | 2 comments Valentine's Day Underwear for Men. Underwear for Valentine's Day doesn't have to look sexy, it doesn't even have to be red. Not to create any rivalry with the guys over at UndiesDrawer.com, as they have reached out to me on more than one occasion, but I am sorely disappointed in their 14 picks for Valentine's Day. Some of the picks are not even attractive, much less sexy. I would seriously doubt any motive, but the choices seemed a bit skewed towards potential advertisers. That does not mean I don't agree with some choices. Here are Torrent's Valentine's Treats: Cocksox. Sorry, UndiesDrawer fans, but red is a bit obvious. Black is the better choice. The image above doesn't really do them justice, but the side view is a bit graphic for this blog. Puma Daily Cotton Stretch Boxer The red waistband is nice, but what really makes this trunk or boxer work is the tiger logo on the back, not seen in the photo above. Artificial Flavor Magnum Brown Brief Nothing says Valentine's Day and love, like a nice chocolate brown. C-IN2 Bamboo Mesh Slider Brief C-IN2 is taking a lot of right steps to corner the market on fashion-forward underwear for men, but they need to stay with the short leg format until their styling gets an upgrade. D&G Dolce & Gabbana Degrade Boxer Brief with Blue Waistband Don't be fooled by the bad photo. Check the side view and you'll know why these are on the list. The price is right, as it's on sale. Diesel Stretch Overlock Cotton New-Wilby Shorts Trunk It also comes in black and white. I've been promoting button-fly boxer briefs since October 2005, and a version of this Diesel trunk was featured then. DT Underwear Blue Blood Low-Rise Brief Sticking with a winning formula is what DT Underwear shines at. Papi Black Cool Jersey Gym Short Papi is really one to watch. Their underwear is top notch. Pulse at Nuwear. Sheer. Very nice. Unico Classic Vertice Brief Nice, sleek look says you're ready for action in these. Go Softwear Grey/Cardinal V-Front Boxer Finally moving away from their awful, trademark waistband. Awesome move. Steven Blue Wave Band Brief Wild is on the way in. Ginch Gonch and Aussiebum are leading the way, but that's mild in comparison to what's coming. Andrew Christian Black Hustle Low Cut Boxer Edgy, for sure. But can you handle it? Gregg Homme Army Tracker Brief Sleek, futuristic. Definitely a contender amongst all of the wilder patterns and retro styling abound. Your Male Underwear Enthusiast, Torrent at 8:08 AM | 2 comments Previous Underwear Party - Summer or Winter-Style Bachelor Party Underwear Gifts Valentine's Day Underwear for Men. Privacy Policy Holiday Underwear Sales Roundup. Official Launch of Feturfet.com! Underwear for Men Active in Winter Sports Top 2xist Men's Underwear Sale California Muscle Havana Brief Bikini Said to be the world's largest pair of men's brief... plex3726 Jockstrap, Thong, or Suspensory Offers Still looking for underwear talk? Check out Men's Underwear Blog Syndication!