Unimog's Agora Blog skip to main | skip to sidebar Unimog's Agora Blog Wednesday, September 09, 2009 Imperial Guard FAQ Released ! Games Workshop has released the latest FAQ for Imperial Guard; Click here to read Imperial Guard FAQ - 2009 Shortly; Valkyrie and Vendetta transport capasities have been clarified Deatstrike Missile Launcher has a new maximum range Hotshot lasguns and ‘First Rank Fire, Second Rank Fire?’ order clarified Which allies can be taken has been clarified Master of Ordnance and a Heavy Weapons Team with a mortar combo solved Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 9:09 AM 0 comments Thursday, August 13, 2009 Warhammer 40K Chaos Dreadnought Conversion Another conversion from Tankut. He has converted Assault on Black Reach Space Marine Dreadnought to a Chaos Space Marine Dreadnought. The model has a multimelta arm and a dreadnought close combat arm. He has named the model as Amurael the Corrupt after Word Bearers Sorcerer Amurael. Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 1:59 AM 0 comments Labels: Assault on Black Reach, chaos space marines, conversion, Dreadnought, space marines, warhammer 40K Tuesday, August 11, 2009 Brothers of The Snake This weekend I started and finished Dan Abnett's Warhammer 40K novel; "Brothers of the Snake". I am reading Gaunt Ghosts series nowadays and it was a nice change for me. The novel turns around Priad; a Space Marine and tell us about his undertakings in a series of short stories like his first mission as a initiate, how he became squad-sergeant, etc. (I do not want to give too much spoiler.) You can also find rituals of a Chapter and daily life of a Space Marine, how they are seen by mortal people, how time works for both. I would recommend this book for all Warhammer 40K players, especially Space Marine players as they will be deploying their army in quiet a different mood next time. Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 3:01 AM 0 comments Labels: brothers of the snake, Dan Abnett, novel, warhammer 40K Saturday, August 08, 2009 How many tanks is too much ? Well I do not know the answer. I have just received my Imperial Guard Codex and studying it. My main concern is how can I fit all my Leman Russ main battle tanks to the list. For 1500 pts I have a skeleton idea; - Company Command Squad - Vox, Laser Cannon : 75 pts - Troop 1 - Infantry Platoon : 210 pts Platoon Command Squad 3 x Infantry Squad (3 x Heavy Bolters) - Troop 2 - Infantry Platoon : 210 pts Platoon Command Squad 3 x Infantry Squad (3 x Heavy Bolters) - Heavy Support 1 : 340 pts 2 x Leman Russ Exterminator ( 2 x Heavy Bolter Sponson) - Heavy Support 2 : 300 pts 2 x Leman Russ - Heavy Support 3 : 300 pts 2 x Leman Russ Which makes up 1435 pts. I will try to sequeze the list a bit and get at least one commisar for each combined platoon and give smoke launcher to Leman Russes. Any comments welcome.... Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 2:55 AM 0 comments Labels: imperial guard 1500 pts list Friday, August 07, 2009 Imperial Guard Leman Russ Demolisher Another new release from Games Workshop is the new all plastic Imperial Guard Leman Russ Demolisher. This box also covers 2 of the new Leman Russ variants in Codex; Punisher and Executioner. You can build one (and only one) Leman Russ variant selecting from Demolisher/Punisher/Executioner. You can use the excess sprues to convert your normal Leman Russ variants... Currently I have 6 Leman Russes 5 normal pattern and 1 Exterminator pattern. I want to field them in 3 squadrons I will convert one of the normal patterns to Vanquisher or Exterminator to run it with the current Exterminator. I will use the other 4 as is. I really want to give a try to the Punisher variant at least proxy it a couple of games. But the high point cost does not raise too much good feelings about Punisher. 20 S5 BS3 shots with no AP for this price is abit high, you can buy 5 scout sentinels and still have left over points which will give you 15 S6 BS3 shots with AP6 and a better range. Games Workshop also released the photos of the new sprues where we see the side sponsons have a new design which will give us easier interchangable weapons. Leman Russ Demolisher Leman Russ Executioner Leman Russ Punisher Imperial Guard Leman Russ DemolisherThe Leman Russ Demolisher was devised for but one task: line breaking. It carries the short ranged but highly destructive demolisher cannon. Often thought of as a siege tank, the Leman Russ Demolisher has additional armour plating and is utterly devastating when fighting against enemy fortifications. This box set contains one multi-part plastic Leman Russ Demolisher, and all of the components to allow you to assemble either a Punisher or Executioner variant instead. This 98-piece kit includes all of the sponson and hull-mounted weapon options available to Leman Russ tank variants, including: a lascannon, heavy bolters, heavy flamers, multi-meltas, and plasma cannons. Also included are a Tank Commander, smoke launchers, and a sheet of water slide transfers. You can click the Leman Russ photos for Games Workshop site. Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 10:30 AM 0 comments Labels: imperial guards, leman russ, leman russ demolisher, leman russ executioner, leman russ punisher Wednesday, August 05, 2009 Imperial Guard Hellhound Games Workshop released the new all plastic Imperial Guard Hellhound. You can build one of the 3 versions; Hellhound/Banewolf/Devildog.As I already have 3 of the old Hellhounds I will not be buying any. (At least until I see Banewolf or Devildog can really kill someting valuable....) Meanwhile Hellhound is my favourite tank at Warhammer 40000 Dawn of War Dark Crusade -the video game- It can level all enemy bases if you can send in enough numbers. Last weekend I played 3 games in a row only producing 2 basic infantry units to capture resources and spend all my resources for hellhounds. Hellhound Bane Wolf Devil Dog Imperial Guard Hellhound The Hellhound Flame Tank is designed to flush out enemy infantry from dense terrain. A Hellhound is equipped with a powerful flamethrower that discharges a self-igniting chemical. The flames find their way into every nook and crevice, consuming any troops who are sheltering behind cover, reducing them to cinder and ash. This box set contains one multi-part plastic Hellhound, and all of the components to allow you to assemble either a Devil Dog or Bane Wolf variant instead. Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 12:35 AM 0 comments Labels: bane wolf, devil dog, hellhound, imperial guards Monday, August 03, 2009 How To Paint Citadel Tanks Games Workshop is releasing a complete guide for assembling and painting Warhammer 40K Tanks and Vehicles. Here is the official announcement; How to Paint Citadel Tanks provides a complete guide to assembling and painting all manner of vehicles of the 41st Millennium, using paints, glues and other materials from the Citadel range. Whatever your level of experience, you will find plenty of helpful tips and tricks within the pages of this book. How to Paint Citadel Tanks offers a wealth of advice for painters, collectors, and gamers alike. This 96-page book covers every aspect of painting and modelling Citadel vehicles, including: essential tools and materials, preparation and assembly, and five complete stage-by-stage guides examining: a Space Marine Predator, an Imperial Guard Leman Russ, an Ork Trukk, a Chaos Space Marine Defiler and an Eldar Falcon. Posted by Murat KILICOGLU at 11:00 AM 0 comments Labels: citadel, how to paint, tanks, vehicles, warhammer 40K Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Blog Archive ▼  2009 (22) ▼  September (1) Imperial Guard FAQ Released ! ►  August (6) Warhammer 40K Chaos Dreadnought Conversion Brothers of The Snake How many tanks is too much ? Imperial Guard Leman Russ Demolisher Imperial Guard Hellhound How To Paint Citadel Tanks ►  July (2) Turn Signals on A Land Raider (TSOALR) is ending. Scratch-Built Looted Wagon ►  June (5) Superfast Delivery Tomb Spyder Terminator 4 Salvation New Armies Nightbringer successes... ►  May (1) Monolith Rocks and Nightbringer Does not do so wel... ►  April (1) Monolith ►  March (2) Necron Destroyers Nightbringer ►  February (3) Necron Progress Necrons End of Ogre Army ►  January (1) I restarted Imperial Guards ►  2008 (7) ►  December (2) Target Change : 3000pts Ogre Kingdoms Army Scraplauncha ►  November (3) My Gorgers Bruiser/Tyrant Second Butcher ►  October (2) My First Butcher My Ogre Army ►  2006 (8) ►  December (2) Current Stats of Black Templars Models and camouflage ? ►  November (1) I am starting a Black Templar Space Marine Army ►  October (5) How to built both Empire Warmachines from the same... An HO Scale Town Empire vs Wood Elves Warhammer Fantasy Empire Let's get started Links Count Necrons Project Web Site My Personal Hobby Site My Warhammer 40K Black Templars Web Site My Warhammer Fantasy Web Site Unimog's Agora Blog Loading... ADVERTISEMENTS   SPONSORS