Learn Free Online Photoshop skip to main | skip to sidebar Learn Free Online Photoshop A Complete Free Online Learning Solution Around The World Cool Photoshop Explosion Effect at Sunday, September 25, 2011 Links to this post 0 comments Explosions are cool. Seriously cool. So when I received some e-mails asking about how to create a break-apart, explosion effect, I knew it’d be worth making a tutorial on. Read on to find out how to break apart a body, then add some awesome lighting and glow, and nopattern style, to finish the image off. Read More Read More..By Photoshop Tutorial Blog Share | Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: cool photoshop explosion tutorial, create a explosion effect, create a photoshop tutorial, effects, free create a photoshop explosion tutorial, free learn photoshop tutorial, free learn photoshop tutorials Create Colorful woodpecker and tree scenes at Saturday, September 24, 2011 Links to this post 0 comments This tutorial is intended for everyone who is beginning at digital drawing/painting, if you like drawing and Photoshop then you are the perfect candidate to follow this tutorial. I will show here how I have made this image from scratch, using simple techniques like clipping masks and layer blending modes. The tools I used were basically the brush and the smudge ones; I also used the fibers filter to make some texture. Once you have a clear idea of what you want to get, it is always useful searching for some references. We need to create an old tree and a woodpecker for the image. Looking for some pictures of the elements I wanted to create was very helpful for me before doing anything else. There are a lot of pictures of woodpeckers and old trees at SCX. Look for some woodpeckers pictures. The things you have to take into account are the proportions and check the colors. Look also the usual positions of this birds on the tree. In order to help you to create the tree you can search for some old trees on the web and check of the trunks forms and shapes. Check also how the bark fits into the trunk to have a clear idea of what you should paint. Read More Read More..By Photoshop Tutorial Blog Share | Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: free learn, free learn online tutorial, free learn photoshop tuotrial, free learn tutorial, hwo to creaate tutorial, learn tutorial, tree scene, tutorialsportal, tutorialsportal.blogspot.com, wook pecker Learn Free New way to create 3D text at Tuesday, September 20, 2011 Links to this post 0 comments 3D text needs the right depth, lighting and texture. Nik Ainley tells you how to do this without re-rendering nightmares. Typography is huge at the moment in illustration, and 3D text is a big part of that. It literally gives the artist another dimension to play with, and the power of 3D programs provides a sense of realism that 2D typography just can't match. This allows for seamless blending with photos and other renders. Read More Read More..By Photoshop Tutorial Blog Share | Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: 2d, 3d text, designing, free create a effectp, free effect, how to create a 3d text, how to create a 3d text effect, learn free 3d text, online effect, online learn photoshop 3d text effect, typography Mud skin effect in photoshop at Monday, September 19, 2011 Links to this post 0 comments This tutorial shows you how to turn any face skin into mud skin and this is the final result : Now this is the original image :from here and this is the mud texture : from here Read More Read More..By Photoshop Tutorial Blog Share | Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: effect in photoshop, free learn mud skin tutorial, free skin effect, learn online photoshop effect, learn tutorial, mud skin in photoshop free learn, mud skin tutorial, mud tutorial, skin effect in photoshop Out of paper photoshop effect at Monday, September 19, 2011 Links to this post 1 comments Hi there this is a very nice tutorial show how to make a thing looks like he's getting out of paper if you follow this tutorial well you will learn a lot useful photoshop stuffs .this is the result: first you have to choose your image carefully like someone is jumping or anything looks creative i chose the dolphins photo this is the original : Read More Read More..By Photoshop Tutorial Blog Share | Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: free effect photoshop, free learn online photoshop tutorial, free learn online photoshop tutorial effect, free photoshop tuts, learn photoshop effect, paper effect, photoshop effect Older Posts » Free counters Popular Posts Photoshop CS5 Extended 3D Type with Repoussé The new Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended is about to be released, it was announced already and among the new features there is one really speci... Photo Souping up By Photoshop There are times when a regular photo just doesn’t cut it and you need your photo to pack a punch. Here is one technique that you may find ... Stylish Poster mixed Design in Photoshop CS5 In this tutorial, you’ll learn how to combine layer masks with custom brushes and adjustment layers to create eye catching poster mixed with... widget Followers   Copyright © Learn Free Online Photoshop is proudly powered by Blogger.com | Blogger Templates Design by Free Blogger Templates Support by Unique Pictures and Funny Photos | The Second Daily News | Mobile Phone News | Daily Digital Technology