Why I Wake up Every Day Visits The Night of the Witch There are some amazing old legends in my country, that evolve around the Easter night. My beloved grandma would often tell me about the miracle of this special night when, both the gates of hell and Heaven, are wide open and when all the witches would cast their spells and call their dead. My suspicion is that, these legends and superstitions were passed on from a generation to another, as a constant reminder for the simpletons, that they were mortals and they should fear higher powers.   I can't remember too much, but I do know for sure that my mom is still terrified whenever she visits her hometown and passes along a very old and, actually, cute house, who used to belong to a lady called Marieta. I have never met Marieta, but my mom claims she is responsible for making miserable lots of people in her village. Allegedly, this lady kept her dead husband in the house for a couple of months waiting for the Easter night when, apparently she'd send his soul straight to heaven.  And because her fellow neighbors discovered her secret, she cursed them all to die in excruciating pain. My mom was barely a child when, along with lots of other kids her age, would stealthily walk to Marieta's windows and peek inside hoping to see dead bodies and horned demons. She never saw anything of the kind, but in a couple of years two children fell down her fountain and drowned in its marshy water  I honestly believe poor Marieta was a heart broken lady, who, in a Whuthering Heights kinda way, found it hard to part from her dead husband and thus, the flood gates opened....society turned her into an evil witch. I suppose, in a sick kind of way. it's generally easier for scared people to have an actual scapegoat. Posted by unikorna 9 comments Thou shall not eat....too much! In my country, Easter is generally associated with an excessive gluttony of traditional foods. There are a few people who actually give a hoot about the whole spiritual enlightenment, but the general tendency is to kill lambs, fry them, grill them, stuff them and eat them in huge quantities until a trip to the Emergency Room is desperately required. About a week before Easter the supermarkets get extremely crowded, people usually buy anything in large quantities, as if they'd prepare themselves for the End of the World and not the Resurrection of Christ. I've never understood this frantic chase that empties the pockets and stuffs all the compartments of the fridge with too much food.  I must confess I love preparing the traditional Easter bun and the Easter cheese cake but mostly because the smell of fresh cinnamon reminds me of my mom and of childhood and how careless and peaceful everything used to be back then. I haven't cooked much, and that is the ultimate shame here for a woman.    Unless you prepare 5 courses and 3 types of cake, you can't call yourself a housewife. I suppose that's one of the reasons why I hate the idea of being somebody's wife. It's extremely sad how much, the meaning of Easter, has been altered along the years. It's painfully sad that most of us forgot that, it's not about food and bunnies, but about the most astonishing man that has ever lived, names Jesus, who died and then the third day he rose again...and the whole world changed forever. Posted by unikorna 18 comments Gentlemen, may I tempt you? I don't like taboos. I consider them weaknesses. That's why whenever I sense a soft spot I stubbornly face it and confront it. Maybe to some of you, sensuality is a taboo. Well to me it isn't, on the contrary, I'd include it among my very favorite topics. Because it's been almost 12 years since I've been in an exclusive relationship (I was about 22 back then), I've long forgotten how it is to flirt, to playfully tease a man or to engage in an enticing game of seduction. I don't know about you ladies, but I've always loved being the huntress and not the hunted. I remember being very challenged by unresponsive gentleman and I especially recall how sinfully sweet was the taste of victory as soon as they'd be knelt.  And I'd like to take the opportunity and ask: Do you gentleman like being hunted? Or the means don't really matter as long as you reach the end?And you ladies, would you rather be wooed or you prefer conquering the citadel yourself? Posted by unikorna 19 comments My favorite ladies of all time I don't like women much, that's a given. Their whining and crying and bitching and the mood swings, the biological clock that's constantly ticking, the nesting, the obsession for the ultimate clean plate or glass or any friggin' thing (Oh God how I hate that), and the desperate clinging to their man whom they always shield from other women's glances...wow being a woman is a bitch..I've already said that but every 3 months I feel the need to reestablish that. As a woman, I realize I am bestowed with some of these curses (except for the obsessive compulsive cleaning - thank you God) and I have moments when I wish I were much less of a woman and much more of an ...intelligent human being. I am certain it's possible, because I know some representatives of the female sex that have literally changed the world with their brilliance. Some of these brilliant ladies have changed my life and helped me become (hopefully) a better person.  One of them is Margaret Mitchell. She created "Gone with the wind" and Scarlett O'Hara, my favorite character of all times. Margaret Mitchell had a very strange life, a failed marriage and an early death in a car accident. Her major creation the novel "Gone with the wind" won a Pulitzer prize and is the second best seller in USA after the Bible. Another lady I like, is Cleopatra Philopator, the strange but ambitious Egyptian queen who considered herself a goddess (how womanly is that?). This petite young lady defied the greatest empire of all time, the Roman Empire, and refused to give up on her beloved Egypt. Moreover, she managed to infatuate two of the most emblematic leaders of all time: Julius Caesar and Mark Antony. She died young, though, at 38. Miss Jane Austen is an icon in world literature. Her astonishing characters populated the minds and dreams of all romantic women everywhere. What I love most about Jane Austen is her almost complete detachment in regard to her contemporaries and their ridiculous rules of propriety. That took a lot of guts for a woman of that time. She mastered the most refined irony and the finest, most enchanting, believable ability to depict romance, without the touchy-feely factor. Enya, wow Enya is my shrink and my peace-giver. Her music has the ability to actually change my entire state of mind and heart. My personal belief is that a human being must be unnaturally evolved to create such music and such...experience. Enya lives mysteriously secluded in a lovely Victorian castle in Ireland, she is very private about her personal life. Enya's music has been declared by the Catholic Church to be entirely devoid of evil. Please I beg of you, lay back in your garden and try to listen to Enya while looking at the blue sky. Please... J.K Rowling is a proof that dreams can come true. This brilliant writer, who created Harry Potter, completely changed her whole life in only 5 years, turning from a single mom who lived on social security to a billionaire whose books are best sellers all over the world. She'd tear thousands of written pages and start over again and again until she'd create the ultimate magic...And indeed she did. Posted by unikorna 22 comments Sunshine Bloggers sunset from my garden  It's been almost a year since I started blogging (in May) and I can't help of wondering why the heck haven't I started sooner? The small but incredibly interesting community of brilliant, creative people I've met so far, thanks to my blogging, has literally changed my life. I hate using big words so these are not big words. After you turn 30 big words are like excessive makeup, ugly and unnecessary. One of these amazing bloggers is Virginia Robertson, a lovely lady from Arizona USA who writes about gardening and... life. Her blog Tangent Gardening is full of spectacular photos from her very own garden. I want to thank Virginia for offering me the Sunshine Award. Now I wish to pass this award over to some of the other bloggers I love.  1. One of them is Petro Neagu from The seaman Mom. She is a very sweet lady who writes about her charming family life with a lot of humor and openness. 2. Grace from Dragon's Alley is a very versatile and surprising blogger. But also an unique poet. 3. Jane and Lance Hattatt are two amazing people with an impressing Hungarian heritage and an incredible appetite for beauty, art, travel and history. They blog at http://hattatt.blogspot.com/ 4. Sissym from http://blogzoomideiasdafadasemfim.blogspot.com/ is a Brazilian goddess from Rio de Janeiro. She writes with a lot of optimism and joie de vivre and a touch of magic. 5. Bonnie from http://thriftymommaramblings.blogspot.com/ is a tireless mom who helps you discover amazing deals on the internet. 6. Janet Gardner from http://janetgardner.blogspot.com is one of my favorite resources of optimism so this award should suit her perfectly. Love you all. Posted by unikorna 15 comments Love + Cancer = Happily ever after? I love writing fantasy. I have so many wondrous stories to tell, so many adventures to share that my only fear would be the lack of words. Because of my cruel reality, or in spite of it, I often find myself drifting towards a fantasy world. I realize that some slick shrinks might categorize that as skizo.. I call it survival. In my current reality, love and cancer are supposed to coexist happily ever after...so you understand my choice.  All my stories are from another dimension. A world of enchantment and wonder where the friggin' time factor is not of essence. Where there are life potions and miraculous concoctions that bestow upon you unexpected powers and unlimited abilities.  I want to ride unicorns, talk to tree giants and whisper spellbinding incantations that turn ladybugs into mermaids. And I'd like to exchange happily ever after with a 20 to 25 life prognosis. And in my fantasy world, with the right potion, that would be possible. So yo do understand my constant need to escape...To that extent I started writing a short story that I wish to submit to a lovely fantasy writing contest organized by some astonishing famous writers of the genre. If you are interested, I'd be happy to compete with you :), the link is writing contest. Good luck and I'd love to exchange opinions :). Posted by unikorna 20 comments Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Popular Posts ARE THESE REAL FAIRIES? One of the reasons I wake up every day is magic. When I say magic I include here fairies, elves, pixies, goblins, and mostly all the mythic... Sexy Grannies There must be something miraculously blissful about the Brazilian climate or the Brazilian cuisine ...otherwise I cannot explain how this m... Fat and Beautiful  Ever since I was a little girl I was fascinated by old movies and their lovely breathtaking classic beauties with their curvy hips and tin... Fashionably starved   I am quite certain my lineage bears an unfortunate heritage, my ancestors were probably rough mountain people, with big asses and strong a... THE PERFECT ASS I don't know whose butt is that but it sure is...wow Although I am a woman or precisely because I am a woman I have a constant and keen i... To Bride or not to Bride  It's been almost 12 years of partnership out of wedlock :) and I must say I could have never had it otherwise...Unfortunately my partner sh... Sex and the.. Country  Women are the same everywhere. I've met a huge variety of them, old and young, poor or rich, they all shave their their legs (more or less)... The child-brides of Muslim hell An Afghan little girl at her own wedding I am a bit of an ignorant when it comes to Islam, that explains why I was so shocked to discover... Sexy Children and Stupid Grown Ups I may be painfully old fashioned, outdated with entirely obsolete tastes and habits, but my good sense is still very well anchored in the pr... A porn tease for Google  This information made me smile since it involves a very controversial topic  - PORN. Apparently people out there are in desperate need of a... My older Posts Bloggapedia, Blog Directory - Find It! Recent Comments Follow this blog Related Websites Loading... ShareThis Home ADVERTISE WITH ME About Me unikorna I love elves, fairies and writing about them... View my complete profile THE FAIRY IN ME THE BITCH IN ME Petronela Ungureanu Create Your Badge MY older Posts Follow by Email Ads by Project Wonderful! Your ad here, right now: $2.10 Blog Archive Blog Archive April 2012 (7) March 2012 (9) February 2012 (8) January 2012 (8) December 2011 (7) November 2011 (13) October 2011 (13) September 2011 (12) August 2011 (16) July 2011 (19) June 2011 (24) May 2011 (36) Blogs I love Jane Austen's World 5 minutes ago Catch My Words 53 minutes ago The Seaman Mom 1 hour ago Views From the Bald Patch 3 hours ago * Pixies Don't Have Wings 8 hours ago Burnt Food Dude 8 hours ago Life Between Living 18 hours ago The house in the roses 19 hours ago A Day in the Country... 1 day ago Why I Wake up Every Day 1 day ago Living the Gourmet 1 day ago Dolly's Daily Diary 1 day ago Confessions of a Pioneer Woman | Ree Drummond 1 day ago Whisppy 2 days ago My Rocking Cradle 2 days ago HOLLOW WOODS 2 days ago Indiscreet Remarks... 2 days ago Scarlett Knight: Between the Sheets 2 days ago Love 2 Type 3 days ago The Sage Butterfly 3 days ago YONKS 3 days ago HATTATT 5 days ago Lora Rivera 5 days ago Pinay Scribbles 5 days ago Random Ramblings 1 week ago Untroubled Kingdom of Laila Knight 1 month ago Musings From Harmonie House 1 month ago My Spotty Pony 1 month ago Conversations with the Muses 2 months ago Fantasy Inspiration 3 months ago Tangent Gardening 9 months ago Take the Quiz here! MY FIRST BLOG AWARD Txs Lora Rivera, The Botanist and Laila Knight The 7x7 Link Award Txs Lora Rivera thank you Laila Knight free search engine submission Add blog to our blog directory.  Subscribe in a reader Search Engine Submission - AddMe Add-Blogs.Com Free one way backlink - free seo friendly directory Society blog Blog Directory Top Blog Sites Blogs Blog Tools Promote Blog Amazon.com Widgets WHY I WAKE UP EVERY DAY Loading... copyright: www.unikorna.blogspot.com. Picture Window template. Powered by Blogger. type='text/javascript'/>