
 

log inregisterbookmark us today
  
hot gossips
latest gossips
celebrities
celebrity pictures

 
Celebrity Gossip, Rumors, Celeb News and Dirt - UPDATED!
R. Kelly Answers Our Prayers…Trapped In The Closet Continues!!!!!

AHHHHHHHH!!! We thought we'd never see Sylvester or Pimp Lucius again, and we were NOT ok with that. But thank the lyrical genius that is R. Kelly, and the glorious network IFC for they have come together once more to continue the epic hip-hop opera adventure that is: Trapped in the clo... (more...)
From Perez Hilton
Related stories (7)

0 comments
The Situation -- In Rehab For Alcohol -- Problems for 'Jersey Shore'

The Situation is in rehab not just for prescription drugs, but also for alcohol, TMZ has learned, and this turn of events could pose big problems for next season's "Jersey Shore."Sources involved in the situation (sorry) tell us ... the Situation…... (more...)
From TMZ
Related stories (2)

0 comments

*' Joan Jett
Joan Jett - Joan Jett Takes Aim At Noel Gallagher Over Cow Cruelty Comments

Animal-loving Joan Jett has challenged Noel Gallagher to a fight after the former Oasis star boasted about his love of throwing stuff at cows in a recent interview The Brit recently joked about taking his sons to Ireland where he spent his holidays as... (more...)
From Contact Music
Related stories (2)

0 comments
Josh Hutcherson - Hutcherson Organising Hometown Hunger Games Premiere

Josh Hutcherson is keen to avoid overlooking his family and friends as he is swept up in The Hunger Games mania so he has organised a special screening of the film in his hometown The actor is on the verge of superstardom thanks to his role as Peeta Mell... (more...)
From Contact Music
Related stories (4)

0 comments
Tulisa Contostavlos - Tulisa's Devastation Over Sex Tape

Tulisa Contostavlos admits shes devastated after her ex-boyfriend leaked a sex tape of them onto the internet The X Factor judge says she has been in bits after former partner Justin Edwards - also known as Ultra - put intimate footage of... (more...)
From Contact Music
Related stories (5)

0 comments
Check Out Niecy Nash Give Some Tough Love On Her New Show!

This momma is DEFINITELY a fan of tough love! Niecy Nash is set to join the reality TV world with her new show Leave It to Niecy. The comedienne and actress will once again hookup with TLC to shoot eight episodes of her family life. The show premieres Sunday, March 25th and we think balancin... (more...)
From Perez Hilton
Related stories (6)

0 comments
Jeremy Sisto Names Son Bastian Kick

"Little man finally told us his name," the Subugatory star Tweets of his son, born March 9... (more...)
From People.com
Related stories (1)

0 comments

*' Billy Joel
American Idol: Top 10 Take on Billy Joel

"If you can't sing Billy Joel, you can't sing," Steven Tyler says on Wednesday's show... (more...)
From People.com
Related stories (5)

0 comments

*' Jenny McCarthy
Jenny Mccarthy - Jenny Mccarthy Found Love On Reality Tv Set

Modelactress Jenny Mccarthy has found love while hosting a new matchmaking show in the Dominican Republic The sexy star refused to go into details about her latest love interest but revealed she had some fun there during an interview on Access Hollywo... (more...)
From Contact Music
Related stories (2)

0 comments
Mick Fleetwood - Mick Fleetwood: 'i Can't Believe I No Longer Have A Band'

Rocker Mick Fleetwood is struggling to come to terms with the fact Fleetwood Mac may never tour or record again The drummer has blamed Stevie Nicks ongoing solo tour for wrecking his reunion plans and he believes the time has passed for a once-planned ge... (more...)
From Contact Music
Related stories (2)

0 comments
(1), 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, ... 65
celebritygossip.com
Happy Birthday To:
Reese Witherspoon (36)
Lena Olin (57)
Andrew Lloyd Webber (64)
Bruno Ganz (71)
William Shatner (81)
P. Ramlee (83)
Most Talked About Celebrities
1. Billy Joel
2. Ashton Kutcher
3. Kristen Bell
4. Russell Crowe
5. Kim Kardashian
Most Viewed Pictures
1. Chad Michael Murray Pictures
2. Jimmy Carter Pictures
3. Zlatan Ibrahimovic Pictures
4. Gary Busey Pictures
5. Kaley Cuoco Pictures
Most Popular Sections
Fashion Gossip
Hip Hop Gossip
Movies Gossip
Music Gossip
Rap Gossip
Television Gossip
Black Gossip

 
Other Celebrity Stuff
Hospital Jobs
Warehouse Jobs
Service Jobs
UK Dating
Canada Dating
South African Dating
Travel Hospitality Jobs
Hot Celebrity Gossip | Latest Celebrity Gossip | List of Celebrities | Celebrity Pictures | Links
About Us | Advertise With Us | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Report a Bug | Contact Us
Celebrity Gossip is dedicated to bringing you up to date celeb news, rumors and scandals from Hollywood. We cover not only the latest celebrity gossip but also hip hop gossip, black celebrity gossip, and all the general entertainment gossip out there. We are updated every 5 minutes grabbing the data from all the gossip magazines, gossip blogs, and gossip websites out there. Then we allow you to vote, rate and leave comments on the posts. The community is growing every day and we would love to have you as a part of our growing community.

Other First Beat Media Properties: Rap Artists - Unsigned - Millionaire Dating - Christian Singles - Jewish Dating - Free Podcast
Other FirstBeatMedia Services: Hospital Jobs - System Administrator Jobs - Seamstress Job Openings - Basketball Jobs - Morgue Jobs - Dog Boarding
Feature Dating Services: Black Dating - Interracial Dating - BBW Dating - Dating - Michigan Dating - Utah Dating - California Dating
All works on this site Copyright © 2012 celebrity gossip, a First Beat Media production
* Photographs provided by Photorazzi

