Celebrities.com
Your Source for the Latest Celebrity Gossip!


Celebrity Gossip
Celebrity News
Celebrity Pictures
Celebrities Video
HOT PICS
Celebrity Baby PicturesCelebrity GalleriesCelebrity ImagesCelebrity PicturesCelebrity VideosCelebrity Wallpaper
CELEBRITY STYLE
Celebrity CarsCelebrity ClothingCelebrity HomeCelebrity KidsCelebrity MomCelebrity Party

BEST STUPID THING OF THE DAY: “It’s Gonna Be May”
Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Exposed, Celebrities Gossip, Celebrity Blog, Celebrity Blogs, Celebrity Exposed, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Celebrity Scandal, Celebrity Social Tagged Day, Stupid, stupid thing, Thing Leave a response

NSFW: Geometry Porn Still Pretty Fappable
Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Exposed, Celebrities Gossip, Celebrity Blog, Celebrity Blogs, Celebrity Exposed, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Celebrity Scandal, Celebrity Social Tagged Geometry, nsfw, porn Leave a response

Here’s Maybe The Single Best Anecdote (of Many Greats) from the 25,000-Word Oral History of Siskel & Ebert
“Gene did think he had Roger on smarts. Whenever Roger claimed to have the superior intellect, Gene would say, ‘Aren’t you the guy who wrote Beyond the Valley of the Dolls?’” Oh, that Siskel. This and many more great At the Movies nuggets can be found over in Slate’s exclusive excerpt from The Chicagoan’s Roger Ebert-Gene Siskel piece Enemies, A Love Story. Give it a go and settle in for a good, long read on the best frenemyship in film criticism history. [Slate]

Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Gossip, Celebrities Video, Celebrity Galleries, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Featured Posts Tagged Anecdote, enemies a love story, gene siskel, intellect, roger ebert, Word Leave a response

Inessential Essentials: The Sitter’s ‘Totally Irresponsible’ Edition on DVD/Blu-ray
What’s the Film: The Sitter (2011), new on DVD and Blu-ray via 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment

Why it’s an Inessential Essential: Director David Gordon Green’s transition from being an American indie darling to a reviled slacker-comedy pumper-outter is kind of astonishing. One minute, he’s being praised for being the Terrence Malick-inspired director of such films as George Washington and All The Real Girls; the next he’s being put down for making lazy pot comedies like Your Highness and The Sitter. But the thing of it is: Green’s comedies don’t deserve to be compared to good movies.

The Sitter in particular is a goofy, strange and very sloppy comedy that also happens to feature frequently inspired comedic performances from Jonah Hill and Sam Rockwell. It’s also a rare slacker comedy where a slovenly ditz who only succeeds in spite of himself never lets us forget that he’s an “asshole” (“Come on, Ricky Martin, let’s get out of here”), a “pussy” (“No, I’m a whole different pussy now”), and a total spaz (“Let that debris fall across your face, girl.”). Consistency is no longer (and I’d argue never was) Green’s strong suit. But in the realm of the slacker comedy, The Sitter is actually all right.

Hill stars as Noah Griffith, a nerd too self-absorbed to see that his girlfriend Marisa (Ari Graynor) is stringing him along. To help his divorcee of a mother go out on a date, Noah reluctantly elects to baby-sit three of the most grating problem children ever committed to screen: Rodrigo (Kevin Hernandez), a cherry bomb-dropping psychopath; Slater (Max Records), a histrionically repressed blueblood; and Blithe (Landry Bender), a “celebutante”-obsessed prima donna. But on top of that, Noah also has to buy cocaine from Karl (Rockwell), a…

Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Gossip, Celebrities Video, Celebrity Galleries, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Featured Posts Tagged 20th century fox, century fox home, comedy, fox home entertainment, Inessential, Minute Leave a response

New Three Stooges Trailer: Just Gouge Your Own Eyes Out Right Now
“What you are about to witness are stunts performed by experienced professionals.” So warns the new trailer for The Three Stooges, which is here to punish you with yet more inane, terrible-looking slapstick yuks. Indeed. Weep for the careers of the “professionals” prostrating themselves herein in the name of entertainment and watch the trailer, if you dare.

Perhaps a more telling warning, also from the new reel which is completely devoid of plot, because who needs that, is the line “Before Jackass… there was dumbass.” Sure, Johnny Knoxville’s band of merry pranksters also subjected themselves to idiotic stunts for comedy’s sake, but you know what? Theirs was a shared pursuit of increasing stakes, pushing the human body to its limit, testing boundaries both physical and cultural while, yes, hitting each other in the balls. The Three Stooges, at least from the looks of this forced iteration of slapstick slumming as embodied by Sean Hayes, Will Sasso, and Chris Diamantopolous (not to mention the Farrelly brothers), is just so utterly soul-crushing.

I suppose there’s the possibility that the film will reveal some stroke of mad genius not apparent in these trailers, but I’m betting that’s a slim chance. Are you brave enough to find out come April 13?

[Yahoo!]

Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Gossip, Celebrities Video, Celebrity Galleries, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Featured Posts Tagged farrelly brothers, Gouge, herein, inane, merry pranksters, three stooges Leave a response

REVIEW: Stephen Dorff Almost Gets a Break in Brake
If Stephen Dorff’s career never soared as high as he might have liked, the fact that it’s getting more interesting all the time must be some consolation. For someone who might not be considered a big movie star, Dorff has the distinct movie-star habit of seeming to play himself, even when he’s playing a big movie star. In Sofia Coppola’s Somewhere and now in Brake, he appears to be the same flannel- and faded jeans-clad heartbreaker from the Aerosmith years. Dorff had the persona in place from the start; it’s the pictures that got small.

Maybe never smaller than Brake, a claustrophobic thriller set almost entirely in a clear plastic box. But small finally feels big for Dorff, who plays a government agent named Jeremy and has both the film and its coffin-like quarters to himself. Director Gabe Torres, working from a script by first-time feature writer Timothy Mannion, opens the film with a mystery: Jeremy doesn’t know where he is, why he’s there, or what the meaning of the digital clock that keeps counting down and resetting in front of him might be. We react with Dorff, who is bathed in the deep red glow of the clock, for the first 10 minutes of the film: Is this a dream? Existential art film? Kidnapping melodrama? Elaborate torture-fetish flick?

A little bit of all of those, actually, though Jeremy’s sharp distrust of a second victim he communicates with through a conveniently supplied CB radio makes it plain that he’s some kind of government agent and has become embroiled in a terrorist plot. It does not give too much away to say that he is being tortured to forfeit the location of the president’s emergency bunker, and dude is not about to crack. Within the first half hour he’s…

Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Gossip, Celebrities Video, Celebrity Galleries, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Featured Posts Tagged gabe torres, sofia coppola, torture fetish Leave a response

Wall Street Bankers Will Finally Receive Cinematic Retribution, Courtesy of… Uwe Boll?
Finally, Dr. Uwe Boll is making a movie America actually wants to see! According to The Hollywood Reporter, Boll will start filming in April on Bailout, his 27th film — a feature-length thriller that follows an everyman New Yorker “who loses everything in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street financial crisis, and who strikes back by killing investment bankers.” I don’t know about you, but I think this one’s got a shot at gaining the cultural foothold that Ollie Stone missed with Wall Street 2: Money Never Sleeps, nein? [THR]

Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Gossip, Celebrities Video, Celebrity Galleries, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Featured Posts Tagged April, Bailout, film, hollywood reporter, investment bankers, uwe boll Leave a response

Casablanca, The Bodyguard, or Titanic 3-D: Which Romantic Re-releases Are Worth Your Dollars?
Heads up, romantic drama die-hards: Movie theaters will be awash with tears in the next couple of weeks. Three epic — well, two epics and one epic-lite — love stories are being re-released for various questionable reasons, and in these challenging economic times it might not make sense to rush out and see all three. Here, then, are some points to consider before buying a ticket and travel-size tissues for Casablanca, The Bodyguard or Titanic.


Casablanca, in which we fall in love with Ingrid Bergman’s twinkly eyes while she falls for Humphrey Bogart all over again, turns 70 this year. To celebrate, TCM is screening the film in select cities for one night only — today! — March 21. The beloved classic has been re-mastered, so if you’ve gone a long stretch since seeing the film in a theater, it might be worth catching a newly polished version. TCM host Robert Osborne will introduce Casablanca along with a presentation on the making of the film and behind-the-scenes material.

That’s not exactly a huge draw. The $12.50 might be better spent toward the special-edition DVD/Blu-ray release, due March 27, because despite being officially septuagenarian, the movie simply never gets old, and will always demand repeated viewing.

Verdict: See it in theaters AND buy the Blu-ray. Hey, it’s a classic.


Honoring both the legacy of sublime vocalist Whitney Houston and the 20th anniversary (in November) of her first film, Warner Bros. is bringing The Bodyguard back to theaters for a one-night stand March 28. Is it opportunistic in the wake of her death last month? Sure. But the nostalgia wave for Houston’s body of work is still going strong, and the real…

Full Story »Posted in Celebrities Gossip, Celebrities Video, Celebrity Galleries, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrity Rumors, Featured Posts Tagged humphrey bogart, ingrid bergman, twinkly eyes Leave a response
CELEBRITY GOSSIP
Dog Refuses To Go Into Pool To Get Tennis Ball He Desperately Needs
Newborn Puppy Born Barely Bigger Than A Sneeze
Can We Talk About The Movie “Salmon Fishing In The Yemen”?
Can We Please Not Have a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Culture War?
Report: Hunger Games Could Hit $140 Million Opening Weekend
CELEBRITY STYLE
The Situation Is In Rehab For An Addiction To Pills
Be All You Can….WTF?
This Is What Spaz de la Huerta Has Been Up To
Afternoon Crumbs
The CAPTION THIS Contest For March 21st!
HEALTH TRENDS
Celebrities WeightCelebrity BodyCelebrity FitnessCelebrity Loss Weight
CELEBRITY GOSSIP
Celebrities BirthdaysCelebrities ExposedCelebrities GossipCelebrity CrushesCelebrity ExposedCelebrity FightCelebrity GossipCelebrity InterviewsCelebrity QuizCelebrity ScandalCelebrity SocialCelebrity StatusCelebrity Trivia
THE HOT LIST
Celebrities
Beauty ProductsDietHair Products
Celebrities GalleryCelebrities VideoCelebrities WallpapersCelebrity BlogCelebrity BlogsCelebrity CharityCelebrity ChildrenCelebrity DanceCelebrity FashionCelebrity Golf TournamentCelebrity MagazineCelebrity MovieCelebrity NewsCelebrity RumorsCelebrity SmileCelebrity TwitterCelebrity VideoCelebrity Websites
Top Categories
Celebrities
Beauty Products
Celebrities Birthdays
Celebrities Exposed
Celebrities Gallery
Celebrities Gossip
Celebrities Video
Celebrities Wallpapers
Popular Tags
Afternoon Birthday CAPTION Crumbs drunken stepfather face facebook film girl hollywood tuna home Hosted Hot Links links forum love Man Movie movieline New Open picture story Time today Trailer twitter Watch Week Year

Archives
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
Copyright © 2012 Celebrities.com.
